---
layout: show
player_id: 20180911_Kontiki_911
audio_file: Kontiki_911.mp3
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 11 Sep 2018, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/aAXDKdkQbHBnUfBg7
length_of_set: 317.42
laughs_per_minute: 15
notes: |
  First 9/11 doing comedy ;)
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> Harry Quacks!
>
> Yes. So, it's actually Harry Fuchs. It's a German name.
>
> But as you've got a lot of English speakers here, you will think I'm Harry Fuchs.
>
> And you probably think I come from a long line of fucks.
>
> Generations of them.
>
> I actually took a DNA test recently, and it turns out that I'm related to Genghis
>
> Khan, one of his descendants now.
>
> You probably don't believe this, but scientists actually recently discovered
>
> that one in 200 men is directly descended from Genghis Khan.
>
> He was a real fucker.
>
> So, unfortunately, I think Genghis would be very disappointed in me.
>
> I have not fucked anywhere near enough people to even qualify to be Harry Fuchs.
>
> But I am a father. That happens.
>
> I'm a single dad. I have two teenagers. I call them Halbo.
>
> I'm a father. And I'm a son. What the?
>
> And I've always played a big role in my kids' life. Like, I was there when they
>
> were born.
>
> And you may laugh, you know. Just a quick aside. In the good old days, like,
>
> the guys got to go and get drunk and smoke cigars, drink whiskey. Now you have
>
> to be there.
>
> You know, otherwise, like, women are going to get really upset. So I was there
>
> with my ex, and I was kind of behind her, propping her up.
>
> And this whole experience means that I now know way too much about birth and
>
> babies.
>
> Now, maybe if I just share a few things here. You see, while you're there,
>
> looking after your partner, trying to calm her down, and she's trying to press
>
> out your kids,
>
> at a certain point, the nurse is going to say, "Oh, you can see the head. Do
>
> you want to come and have a look?"
>
> Now, advice to every guy here, the correct answer is no.
>
> Because if you go around there, you're going to see things that will damage you
>
> for life.
>
> The first thing you're going to see is that thing that you love most about your
>
> partner just got turned into the Gotthard Tunnel.
>
> If you like the Gotthard Tunnel, in the future, it's going to take you a long
>
> time to get in there.
>
> Some guys here have this, they know it well.
>
> Once you're inside, you're going to find it's kind of boring and probably sends
>
> you to sleep.
>
> And you're just going to be wishing that someone would give you access to a
>
> second tunnel.
>
> I'm going to work this one through.
>
> So, yeah, but that's actually not the worst part, if you go around there,
>
> because what you may not have realized is that when a woman is there, like,
>
> pressing out a baby,
>
> a baby's not the only thing coming up.
>
> The baby's not the only thing coming out of it.
>
> And, in fact, it could be if you go around there, the first image of your
>
> newborn, your flesh and blood, is of its head resting on a pile of shit.
>
> Now, for the women here, don't feel uncomfortable about this.
>
> It's okay.
>
> The nurses will come and wipe your ass for you.
>
> But this is the type of stuff I'm talking about.
>
> I just know too much about this.
>
> In fact, you know, sometimes when I see a group of women, you know, like, when
>
> you see a group of women, they're friends, and one of them's just got a newborn.
>
> And they're like, "Hey, what's going on?"
>
> And one of them's just got a newborn.
>
> And they're like, "Oh, so sweet, so cute. I just love the way babies smell."
>
> You know, I hate to break it to you, but that is not the smell of a baby.
>
> That is the smell of something that just spent nine months in your friend's
>
> vagina.
>
> And the correct thing that you should be saying is, "Oh, I just love the smell
>
> of your pussy."
>
> I have these dark thoughts when I see these happy moments, these baby showers.
>
> Because this whole thing has kind of left me a bit traumatized.
>
> I have a lot of weird thoughts going on in my head.
>
> Recently, I was thinking about, you know the game Top Trumps?
>
> In German, it's called Quartet.
>
> With the cars, and you compare the cars.
>
> You've got, like, speed, acceleration, engine size.
>
> And I was just thinking, "Hmm, wouldn't it be interesting to do this with dick
>
> pics?"
>
> Because you think about it.
>
> On the internet, there's, like, so many dick pics not being used for anything.
>
> They're just lying around.
>
> Let's make a card game out of this.
>
> And, you know, you could, like, pick out a card.
>
> You could compare length, obviously, and width.
>
> And you probably have some special cards that you'd have.
>
> You'd have the micro-penis.
>
> And this thing would be scoring 99 out of 100 for social anxiety.
>
> So these guys could finally get to win something.
>
> Or you might have, like, the racer.
>
> Which is, like, from zero to 100.
>
> From zero to orgasm in less than 10 seconds.
>
> But probably the Trump card, the card that beats everything,
>
> is just simply two flaccid penises lying on the ground that no one can erect.
>
> It's going to be called the 9/11, of course.
>
> I just wanted to end tonight on a 9/11 joke.
>
> You guys have been great.
>
> Good night.
