---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20180926_Kontiki_26th_Sept_2018
audio_file: Kontiki_26th_Sept_2018.mp3
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 26 Sep 2018, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/aAXDKdkQbHBnUfBg7
length_of_set: 432.52
laughs_per_minute: 20
notes: |
  Animals, priests, down syndrome, r-scale
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> Actually, Harry "Fucks" is a German name.
>
> But when I'm with a lot of English speakers like this, you all seem to think my
>
> name is Harry "Fucks."
>
> It's not Harry "Fucks."
>
> In my family, when we have a family get-together, we get very upset when you
>
> call us a group of fuckers.
>
> We're just a pack of fucks.
>
> I have two kids. I call them "Howler" and "Whatler."
>
> Just to give them a good start in life.
>
> Recently, this American tourist came up to me and he said,
>
> "Yo, man, what's up? Harry "Fucks," man. Harry "Fucks" what?"
>
> I'm like, "What?"
>
> He's like, "Harry "Fucks" what, man?"
>
> So I thought I'd try and throw him off with a few adverbs.
>
> I'm like, "Harry "Fucks" hopefully."
>
> Harry "Fucks" occasionally.
>
> Harry "Fucks" enthusiastically.
>
> He's like, "No, man. Harry "Fucks" goats, man. Harry "Fucks" chickens. Harry "Fucks"
>
> tigers."
>
> I'm like, "I don't know about you, but I'm pretty sure in the whole history of
>
> mankind,
>
> no one has successfully fucked a tiger.
>
> Maybe people got fucked by a tiger."
>
> It made me realize there's actually a whole category of animals that you just
>
> can't fuck.
>
> Hippos, for example.
>
> You may get behind a hippo and think, "Wow, that is a sweet ass."
>
> Just kind of slide in there.
>
> Hippos will fuck you up, though.
>
> They are the most dangerous mammal in Africa.
>
> They kill about 500 people every year.
>
> So don't fuck with hippos.
>
> Also elephants, because if you think about it, it's just too high up.
>
> I don't care how big you claim to be, it's just not going to reach.
>
> Most elephants are pretty aggressive, so they will also fuck you up.
>
> Maybe if the mom's not watching, you could fuck a baby elephant.
>
> Just finding your level.
>
> It's clear you're very comfortable with bestiality, but I bet you're not sure
>
> about pedophile history.
>
> It's a dark night, and the jokes are dark.
>
> I have a lot of dark and twisted thoughts going on in my head.
>
> I think it goes back to my childhood, because I went to a Catholic school.
>
> But I got thrown out for molesting a priest.
>
> But I think actually this was a significant moment in the history of mankind,
>
> because this is the answer.
>
> The answer is, every time we hear about a priest molesting a child, we've got
>
> to hit back, man.
>
> Vigilante justice. Go out, molest a priest right now.
>
> It's going to solve this problem in less than one week.
>
> We need vigilantes like Buttman and Rapin having sex with a priest.
>
> This is how it's going to work.
>
> We're losing some of these. This corner has gone very quiet.
>
> Sex in the city. These guys are down. They're taking out a priest tonight.
>
> For me, these days, it's actually very tough being a guy, because in the
>
> history of mankind, all the bad shit's been done by men.
>
> These days, society doesn't think a lot of good things about men. It's tough to
>
> get over that.
>
> Recently, for example, I was on a tram, and I saw this couple.
>
> There's a guy kissing a girl, and then I noticed that the girl had Down
>
> syndrome.
>
> And I thought, "That slum motherfucker."
>
> Now, think about this for a second. If that had been a girl, and the guy had
>
> Down syndrome, and we'd seen them on the tram,
>
> you imagine this. Personally, I would just think, "Wow, what an amazing person
>
> she is.
>
> She is so caring, so giving, that she would go through all of that and have a
>
> boyfriend with Down syndrome.
>
> What a wonderful person that she could love."
>
> But I saw this guy, and I'm just like, "Motherfucker."
>
> Because people with Down syndrome, you may not know this, are very affectionate,
>
> and also it does cross into sexual behavior.
>
> This guy is basically tapped into the source of unlimited free sex.
>
> And I just got thinking, "This guy is a sick asshole. He's probably got some
>
> games.
>
> Like he says to her, 'Hey, honey, time for the lollipop game.'
>
> Or, you know, 'Let's play hide-the-rabbit, which both today?'"
>
> It's getting quieter. It's getting darker.
>
> Because, you know, he's probably going to invite his French friend and go like,
>
> "Hey, sausage party!"
>
> Sex in the city is still life. Sex and Down syndrome.
>
> I think I'll just stand over here.
>
> But I know this stuff personally, because I'm in my mid-40s.
>
> I've got a shaved head. I'm white. I'm male. Beard.
>
> And you've probably heard that on the news.
>
> That like a man was seen running. Witnesses say he was mid-40s, white, male,
>
> bald with a beard.
>
> And, you know, it's like basically I am suspected of being a serial rapist.
>
> The moment you look at me, I just walk into the room, people go, "Oh shit, it's
>
> a serial rapist."
>
> When actually, when I go out, sometimes I go for a walk at night, because it's
>
> just good for you.
>
> But I'm in the woods, and I'm never afraid, because I know that anyone I meet
>
> will think, "Oh fuck!"
>
> Because I'm the scariest motherfucker in the woods.
>
> And it's difficult for me dating, because you may not have realized, it's like
>
> a kind of a scale.
>
> It's like a scale, and I call this the rapiness scale.
>
> Over here you've got maybe serial rapists, and over here you've got the friend
>
> zone.
>
> And every time a guy talks to a girl, this calculation is going on in our heads.
>
> It's like, "Where am I going to position myself on the rapiness scale?"
>
> I don't want to be in the friend zone. I've got to be a bit more edgy than that.
>
> Like a lot of nice guys, they're trying to push it this way.
>
> I'm going this way.
>
> I'm trying to be as nice as I can.
>
> "Wow, wow, wow, that's a really nice dress you have on."
>
> It doesn't matter what I do though, it just comes across as serial rapist.
>
> So to that, thank you. It's been nice performing for you.
