---
layout: show
player_id: 20190514_Kontiki_14_May_2019
audio_file: Kontiki_14_May_2019.mp3
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 14 May 2019, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/aAXDKdkQbHBnUfBg7
length_of_set: 411.4
laughs_per_minute: 13
notes: |
  Dark stuff…
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> So my name is actually Harry Fuchs. It's a German name. Spelled F-U-C-K-S. I
>
> repeat, F-U-C-K-S.
>
> But in a room like this with English speakers, a lot of you think my name is
>
> Harry Fox.
>
> My name is not Harry Fox.
>
> In my family, when we have a family get-together, we get very upset when you
>
> call us a group of fuckers.
>
> And I have two kids. I call them Halber and Wopper.
>
> That makes me give them a good start in life.
>
> Yeah, but honestly, the problem with a name like Harry Fuchs is it sets a very
>
> high level of expectation.
>
> And honestly, I've only done about this much fucking.
>
> But there has been a lot of dark and fun.
>
> There have been a lot of fucked up thoughts going on that I have to confess and
>
> honestly, I think it goes back to my childhood because I went to a Catholic
>
> school, but I got thrown out for molesting a priest.
>
> We're just warming you guys up for a darker place to do this.
>
> So, do any of you guys know who flat earthers are? Have you heard of the flat
>
> earthers?
>
> Anyone? Okay, let me explain quickly.
>
> The flat earthers, they believe in this conspiracy that the earth is not round.
>
> They believe that that is a lie told to us by the Illuminati, the lizard people,
>
> so that they can live in the good places and the rest of us live, I don't know,
>
> in Zurich, which is ridiculous.
>
> And, you know, it's kind of stupid, but at the same point, I kind of admire
>
> these guys because, you know, it's like they only believe what they experience
>
> with their own eyes.
>
> They look around, it's all flat. Of course the world is flat.
>
> And I thought to myself, you know, like, maybe there are other things.
>
> Maybe there are other things that we should be questioning, that we've been
>
> told about, but really that's not how it is.
>
> You know, like, like rape, for example.
>
> I mean, you know, we've heard it's a really fucked up bad thing, you know, but
>
> maybe, maybe the Illuminati, the lizard people, are just keeping it for
>
> themselves.
>
> I don't know, you know, I mean, and I think about this, I think, and sometimes
>
> I think, dude, this is fucked up, you shouldn't be thinking about this stuff.
>
> And I'm like, exactly, that's what the lizard people want, they don't want us
>
> thinking about this shit, you know.
>
> So, you know, and I got things, so, so, right, is it, is it really that bad?
>
> That was the thought.
>
> And I thought this, you know, maybe I just got to give it a try.
>
> And, you know, so, so I tried it, and what I learned is,
>
> getting raped is very fucked up.
>
> Fuck, man, that shit is horrible.
>
> It's horrible, you can't just, like, walk that shit up.
>
> You know, it's like this, and, you know, even lizard people don't like getting
>
> raped.
>
> So, that's what I, that's what I learned from that.
>
> The reason why I do that joke is actually because of the way I look.
>
> Because, you know, I'm, I'm in my middle age, bald head, beard, and you guys
>
> all kind of think, yeah, he looks a bit rapey.
>
> It's like the default. That's what everyone would think of a guy that looks
>
> like me.
>
> It's like you heard about me on the news, a man was seen running, and the
>
> police say he was mid-forties, white, bald head and a beard.
>
> It's just, it's what everyone expects. It's, it's so hard to be a white middle-aged
>
> guy, really.
>
> And, you know, sometimes I go for a walk in the wood in the evening just to
>
> calm down after work.
>
> And I'm just never afraid. I'm never afraid.
>
> Walking in the wood, I know if I meet anyone, they're going to be like, "Oh,
>
> fuck!"
>
> The only thing worse than meeting me would be meeting a group of clowns.
>
> That would be the only thing more fucked up.
>
> But, you know, and I find that this kind of social stigma, I even do it myself.
>
> Because recently I was on a tram, and on the back of the tram there was a guy
>
> and his girlfriend, and they were kissing.
>
> And then I noticed that his girlfriend had Down syndrome.
>
> And I thought, "That motherfucker."
>
> Because, like, if I had been a woman, if I had been a woman, I would have been
>
> like, "Wow, she's so loving, so caring that she could take on the burden of a
>
> boyfriend with Down syndrome. What a wonderful person."
>
> But when I saw this guy, I was like, "Motherfucker."
>
> Because think about it, you think about what's going on in their relationship,
>
> maybe I should explain a little bit, because I'm sensing a great deal of
>
> awkwardness about it.
>
> So people with Down syndrome, you know, they're very affectionate, they're very,
>
> you know, and sometimes that kind of crosses into sexual feelings.
>
> And this guy, he's probably at home, and he's like, "Hey, honey, you want to
>
> play the lollipop game?"
>
> Okay, we've got a few laughs over here, I think the rest of you have checked
>
> out, so maybe I should just move swiftly on.
>
> But, you know, it's really a thing, because, I mean, the stigma to deal with it,
>
> it's made me realize that in society,
>
> it's kind of like a continuum, it's like a scale, it's kind of like, call it
>
> maybe, the rapiness scale.
>
> It's like, over here, over here, you've got the sick people, you've got the
>
> serial killers, you've got Bill Cosby, you've got Morris over there.
>
> And there's a scale that goes all the way over here, except for my friend here.
>
> Over here, we have the friend zone.
>
> And when a guy meets a girl, he's like, there's this moment right at the
>
> beginning where he's like, "Where am I going to position myself on the rapiness
>
> scale?"
>
> If I'm like Chris, deep in the friend zone, I'm pushing this way, I need to be
>
> a bit more edgy, a bit more manly.
>
> But for me, for me, it's really tough, because, like, people just, I'm just
>
> trying to be nice, go this way, that's a very nice shirt you have on there.
>
> It's only creepy.
>
> But one word of warning for Chris here, do not stay in the friend zone too long,
>
> because there is a tunnel, it's like a black hole, it's called the incel tunnel.
>
> You stay there, you loop around here, like that, and that's Uber, man, don't do
>
> it.
>
> Okay, I think I'm done before I get arrested. Thank you guys.
>
> Give it up for Harry Cox, everybody!
>
> Thank you!
