---
layout: show
player_id: 20190507_Kontiki_7th_Mai_2019
audio_file: Kontiki_7th_Mai_2019.mp3
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic 
date_of_show: 07 May 2019, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/aAXDKdkQbHBnUfBg7
length_of_set: 384.26
laughs_per_minute: 12
notes: |
  Tram Number 3
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> okay folks we got two more comedians left in our first half I want to bring up
>
> this
>
> next comedian he's originally British but he's been living here in Switzerland
>
> for a
>
> very long time and we're very happy to have him ladies and gentlemen make some
>
> noise for Harry
>
> so my name is actually Harry folks it's a German name it's spelled f-u-c-k-s r-e-p-f-u-c-k-s
>
> of course
>
> in a room with English speakers like this all over you think my name is Harry
>
> my name is
>
> not Harry wrong with a name like Harry
>
> Fuchs
>
> is it sets a very high level of expectation and I'm out here on the reality in
>
> fact in fact this is something that I'm kind of a bit insecure about honestly
>
> because you know I've got this far in life and honestly I still don't really
>
> know if I'm any good at sex because recently I was reading I was reading to be
>
> good at anything you need to do it for 10,000 hours
>
> is a lot of f-ing if I try and add it up I think maybe I've got to about 5,000
>
> if I count
>
> masturbation yeah so you know it's very depressing because I just don't see
>
> that there's any chance
>
> I'm gonna attain this goal. I'm just never gonna make it into the frequent fucker
>
> program.
>
> So, you know, and
>
> This kind of depression has been weighing on me and it weighs on me at nights
>
> like tonight because what's even more depressing is right here, right now,
>
> you all suck at sex, too.
>
> There is no way that any of you have 10,000 hours.
>
> If you fuck for 24 hours a day for a whole year, you're only at 8,000 hours.
>
> I've done the maths on this, you know. If you live for 70 years, you need to
>
> fuck for 11 times a day from the day you're born.
>
> I don't know what's worse about that, the idea of newborn babies fucking
>
> or old people fucking.
>
> On the day they die.
>
> Of course, to this point, some of you are thinking this is bullshit. I'm good
>
> at sex, like Jan, for example, you know.
>
> I am into sustainability. I can sustain all night.
>
> Yeah, I hate to tell you this, only two types of people think they're good at
>
> sex. Prostitutes and compulsive liars.
>
> Stop lying, Jan. You know you're good at sex.
>
> You're a hoe.
>
> We've got some ladies here, they can pimp you any time you like.
>
> I bet you didn't get pimping, the recruitment person.
>
> What I've learned is you never connect a recruitment person to pimping, that's
>
> not cool, do you see how they just all get silent?
>
> Yeah, but you know, this is kind of a tough thing, but I think actually the
>
> real problem here,
>
> the real problem here is as men and women, we don't really understand what the
>
> other half
>
> enjoys about sex, you know, let's be honest here. I mean, recently, I went on a
>
> date with a girl,
>
> we ended up in bed together, and she didn't even know where her own clitoris
>
> was. She couldn't tell me.
>
> Where's the clitoris? And she didn't know.
>
> Of course, it might have been that I forgot to take the gag out, I can't
>
> remember.
>
> But, you know, it's hard, but recently it hit me that there is actually a
>
> simple solution to this.
>
> It's a simple thing that works only in Zurich.
>
> If you take a number three tram through the city, it's going to stop at places
>
> that will blow your mind.
>
> The first place it's going to stop is outside Sensuelle.
>
> Sensuelle is a sex shop for women.
>
> And if you go in Sensuelle, you'll find it's full of feathers, and aromas, and
>
> sexy underwear, and erotic books.
>
> Because for women, a lot of sex is about what's in their head,
>
> you know, what's in their head.
>
> And I think that means I need to put my dick in her mouth.
>
> No one followed me to here, you all are a bunch of sick people, and I'm in the
>
> right place.
>
> But let's get back on the tram, let's get back on the tram.
>
> You carry on on your tram journey, go a few more stops,
>
> and eventually, it's going to stop outside a sex shop for men.
>
> And that place is called the erotic place.
>
> The erotic factory.
>
> The erotic factory.
>
> Because for men, nothing is more erotic than a factory.
>
> Full of underpaid workers, in a third world country.
>
> But if you think about it, just think about it, everything you need to know
>
> about men, and men's sex drive, is just in that name.
>
> Erotic factory, it says it all.
>
> And between the erotic factory and sensuelle, we can see that there is a wide
>
> gap between men and women.
>
> There's basically zero chance that there will ever be good sex.
>
> I'm sorry to tell you that, but there is some good news here, because what I
>
> realize is that this is actually a really liberating thing.
>
> This could be the key to our happiness, because you can come to an event here
>
> tonight, and if you see someone you like, you can go up to them and say, "I
>
> feel you, yeah, I know you suck at sex."
>
> "So do I."
>
> "Let's go and have bad sex together."
>
> Alright, I'll leave you with that. Thank you, you guys have been great.
>
> Give it up for Harry Buck, everybody!
>
> I've got to get on that tram now, I've got to see this ride for myself. Tram
>
> number three, guys.
