---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20190518_KONTIKI_18th_May_2019
audio_file: KONTIKI_18th_May_2019.mp3
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 18 May 2019, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/WwSpxWaMmwEJ1MnE6
length_of_set: 535.78
laughs_per_minute: 5
notes: |
  Tough crowd at Kontiki
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> We have one last comedian left in our first half.
>
> I know, right?
>
> Aw.
>
> - Aw.
>
> - Do it harder!
>
> - Aw.
>
> - Oh, don't worry, guys.
>
> We got more comedy ready for you in the second half.
>
> But right now, I want to bring up the last performer
>
> of this first half here.
>
> He's originally from the UK, right, Adam?
>
> You guys also, you know, he's not a person from the UK.
>
> And he's been living here in Switzerland
>
> for a very long time.
>
> Ladies and gentlemen,
>
> please give him a big round of applause.
>
> Here he is, Harry Fox, everybody!
>
> - So my name is actually Harry Fooks.
>
> It's a German name.
>
> Spelled F-O-C-K-S, I repeat, F-O-C-K-S.
>
> But as we have English speakers,
>
> a lot of you think my name is Harry Fox.
>
> But my name is not Harry Fox.
>
> In my family, we get very upset
>
> when we have a family get-together,
>
> and you call us a group of fuckers.
>
> And I have two kids.
>
> I call them Howler and Wopper.
>
> I wanted to give them a good start in life.
>
> Actually, real talk, my daughter's here at the back tonight.
>
> And Adam, I'm watching you, man.
>
> You need to keep your fingers off Adam.
>
> But yeah, now, the real problem with a name like Harry Fox
>
> is it sets a very high level of expectation.
>
> And I've only done about as much as I can.
>
> And honestly, this is something
>
> that I feel a bit insecure about, you know,
>
> a bit uncomfortable, because at this age,
>
> I still don't know if I'm any good at sex.
>
> 'Cause very recently, to be good at anything,
>
> you need 10,000 hours.
>
> 10,000 hours is a lot of fucking hours.
>
> If I add up all the fucking I've done,
>
> maybe I'm at 5,000 hours,
>
> if I include masturbation.
>
> And I find this, like, very depressing,
>
> because it really means I must suck at sex.
>
> But what's even more depressing is right here in this room,
>
> you all suck at sex too,
>
> because you're wasting time listening to me.
>
> You need to get on with it, people, you know,
>
> because actually, if you're fucking for 24 hours a day
>
> for an entire year, you're only at 8,000 hours.
>
> Believe me, I've done the maths.
>
> In fact, if you live for 70 years,
>
> you need to have sex 11 times a day,
>
> from the day you were born to the day you die.
>
> And I don't know what's worse about that,
>
> the idea of newborn babies fucking,
>
> or the idea of sex with old people
>
> on the day they're dying.
>
> Yeah, it's hard.
>
> But at this point, at this point,
>
> some of you are thinking, "This is bullshit.
>
> "I'm good at sex, I know it.
>
> "Like Panos, for example, I am a Greek man.
>
> "Of course I am good at sex."
>
> Panos, I hate to break it to you,
>
> but there are only two types of people that think that.
>
> Prostitutes and compulsive liars.
>
> Stop lying, Panos.
>
> You know you're a hoe.
>
> And she's very uncomfortable with this idea.
>
> This could be a new dimension of your marriage.
>
> But, you know, it's hard.
>
> Actually, I think the real problem, though,
>
> I think the real problem is that men and women,
>
> we don't really understand
>
> what the opposite half likes about sex, you know?
>
> I think that's the key to this problem.
>
> Like recently, I went on a date with this girl,
>
> and we ended up in bed together,
>
> and she could not even tell me
>
> where her own clitoris was, her own clitoris.
>
> Maybe I forgot to remove the gag, I can't remember.
>
> But, you know, I think, I think,
>
> I've been thinking about this a lot,
>
> and I think I have a solution.
>
> Okay, you've got one lady here.
>
> Thank you for appreciating that joke.
>
> The rest of you, you know, you're just pretending.
>
> It's so sweet to answer that.
>
> I didn't understand that joke.
>
> Anyway, let's get back to it.
>
> So, there is a solution.
>
> There is a solution in Zurich.
>
> It's a wonderful, easy solution.
>
> Take a number three tram.
>
> If you take a number three tram through the city,
>
> it's gonna stop at places
>
> that are gonna change everything.
>
> Because, first of all,
>
> it's gonna stop outside Sensuel.
>
> Now, Sensuel is a sex shop for ladies.
>
> If you go in Sensuel, you'll find it's full of feathers,
>
> and aromas, and sexy underwear, and erotic books.
>
> Because, for women, a lot about what makes sex great
>
> is what's happening in their heads.
>
> In their heads.
>
> I think that means I need to put my dick in that outfit.
>
> Okay, I see a girlfriend here.
>
> For a minute, she was just thinking,
>
> "Finally, a man that gets it."
>
> Oh, my.
>
> Okay, I'm sorry about that.
>
> Let's get back on the tram quickly.
>
> Let's carry on through Zurich.
>
> And, if you carry on,
>
> eventually that tram will stop outside the erotic factory.
>
> The erotic factory is a sex shop for men.
>
> Because there's nothing that men find more erotic
>
> than a factory.
>
> Full of underpaid workers in a third world country.
>
> And, I think, if you think about it,
>
> everything you need to know about men and sex
>
> is right there in that name, erotic, erotic factory.
>
> You know, it's all there.
>
> So, between the erotic factory and Sensuel,
>
> you know, it's just, the bad news is,
>
> there's just never gonna be good sex.
>
> I'm really sorry to tell you this,
>
> but I've realized that, actually,
>
> this might be a message of hope.
>
> Something, this could actually be
>
> the key to our happiness.
>
> 'Cause you can come to a place like this tonight,
>
> and if you see someone you like,
>
> you can be like, "Yeah, I know, I feel this, you know.
>
> "I know you suck at sex.
>
> "So do I, let's make this as awkward as possible.
>
> "Let's have bad sex together."
>
> We could do that, but, yeah.
>
> Okay, so, probably at this point,
>
> you're wondering, like, how the fuck
>
> is this guy, at this age, such a messed up person?
>
> And I think part of it, it relates to my daughter.
>
> It's because I'm a father.
>
> And as a father, you know,
>
> you have to deal with a lot of stuff.
>
> And, you know, it's stuff that really, like,
>
> it's hard to deal with.
>
> Like, you know, a while back,
>
> I came back from work, and I came home.
>
> I went to the bathroom, and oh my God,
>
> it looked like a crime scene in there.
>
> 'Cause there was, like, blood on the mirror,
>
> blood in the sink, drops of blood on the floor.
>
> And the toilet looked like something out of a horror movie.
>
> And then I heard this screaming, and I looked around.
>
> And I realized the screaming was coming from me.
>
> And at that moment, my daughter showed up,
>
> and she said, "Hey, Dad, I got my period."
>
> So after cleaning up my daughter's menstrual blood,
>
> I was like, "Okay, hey, can I get you anything?"
>
> And she said, "Dad, get me tampons."
>
> And I thought, "Hey, this can't be so hard."
>
> Okay, so I went over to Migros, took a look around.
>
> And what I learned is that tampon product names
>
> are exactly no use whatsoever
>
> when it comes to choosing a tampon.
>
> Because, you know, like, they have names like OV Pro.
>
> What is this, for, like,
>
> professional women that flee for a living?
>
> Hmm, that's strange.
>
> Tampax Radiance, what is this,
>
> like glow-in-the-dark tampons for when, you know,
>
> the light is off?
>
> My favorite was Always Infinity,
>
> for when your vagina is an unfillable bicop.
>
> But I ended up choosing a different product from Always.
>
> It's actually called Always Home by Eleven, it's great.
>
> Around about 10 o'clock, it starts leaking,
>
> and my daughter is always home by eleven.
>
> And what I realized at the end,
>
> that this was a very proud moment for me as a father.
>
> Because it's not every day that you get to choose
>
> what your daughter crowns on her vagina.
>
> All right, I think we're done at this point.
>
> I think, I'm sensing I'm not gonna get
>
> any more laughs out of you, you're all ready.
