---
layout: show
player_id: 20190528_KONTIKI_28_Mai_2019
audio_file: KONTIKI_28_Mai_2019.mp3
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 28 May 2019, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/aAXDKdkQbHBnUfBg7
length_of_set: 572.88
laughs_per_minute: 13
notes: |
  From Russia with love
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> I love this next comedian. He's very funny. He's originally British, but he's
>
> been living here in Switzerland for a very long time.
>
> He's done this open mic before. Ladies and gentlemen, your last performer of
>
> tonight, make some noise for Harry Fuchs, everybody!
>
> So my name is actually Harry Fuchs. It's a German name. It's spelled F-U-C-K-S.
>
> I repeat, F-U-C-K-S.
>
> But when I'm in a room with English speakers like this, a lot of you think my
>
> name is Harry Fuchs. My name is not Harry Fuchs.
>
> In my family, when we have a family get-together, we get very upset when you
>
> call us a group of fuckers.
>
> And I have to...
>
> I have two kids. I had to call them how-the and what-the.
>
> So they would fit in.
>
> But, you know, the real problem with a name like Harry Fuchs is it sets a very
>
> high level of expectation.
>
> And I've only really done about this much back then.
>
> In fact, recently I'm going through a bit of a hard time because I was recently
>
> dumped by my first Swiss girlfriend.
>
> And, you know, it was a very traumatic experience.
>
> But I'm not going to lie to you. I'm not going to lie to you.
>
> But on the upside, it did make me an expert on all Swiss women.
>
> And what I've learned, I've learned a lot about Swiss women.
>
> For example, they're very bad at communicating, especially when it comes to
>
> their men.
>
> And the reason for this is that Switzerland has a very poor track record on
>
> women's rights.
>
> Because it was not until 1991 that the last canton of Appenzell in the Golden
>
> finally agreed to give women the right to have orgasms.
>
> But, I don't know, we've got a lot of single people here tonight.
>
> And I thought maybe if any of you happen to get a Swiss girlfriend, I've got a
>
> few key phrases that might help you understand her better.
>
> You know, these are some things I've learned.
>
> For example, if she says to you, oh, shit, this is a good thing.
>
> This means there's a high chance of sexual favors later.
>
> But if she says, shucks, that is a good thing.
>
> That means you probably need to spend the night on the sofa.
>
> But if she says, pura geil, this is a good thing.
>
> It means I'm as horny as a whore.
>
> It takes a little bit of process, that one, a little bit.
>
> Because, you know, she might also say, leck mich doch am Arsch.
>
> Under no circumstances should you try to lick her arse.
>
> Unless, unless, and she says, das ist ein Schießdreck.
>
> In which case you could try to lick her arsehole, but you might be in for a
>
> nasty surprise.
>
> Yeah, I don't know, but I find as a guy, it's very hard for men to be in
>
> relationships, you know.
>
> And I think it's because we just have the wrong perspective.
>
> Because when a man falls in love with a woman, he's thinking,
>
> I will do anything for her.
>
> I will fight for her.
>
> I will die for her.
>
> I will even stop looking at porn for her.
>
> You know what I'm talking about, don't you?
>
> So this is a man who's been free of porn for three, maybe four years.
>
> But, you know, for women, when a woman falls in love with a man,
>
> she doesn't actually fall in love with you.
>
> She falls in love with the idea of what she can turn you into.
>
> Because, like, take Cyril, for example.
>
> When he got into this relationship, he was like a pit bull.
>
> He was like a mean fighting machine.
>
> And she looked at him and was like,
>
> hmm, I wonder how I can turn him into a chihuahua.
>
> So that I can take him to brunch
>
> and show him how I can turn him into a chihuahua.
>
> And show him to my friends and go,
>
> look what I did with this doggy walkie.
>
> Isn't he cute with a pink ribbon in his hair?
>
> He doesn't even shit behind the curtains anymore.
>
> So Cyril, you know, we need some advanced strategies here.
>
> You need to, and the person to go to for this,
>
> you've got to go back in time.
>
> You've got to go back to the most amazing lover there ever was.
>
> Joseph Stalin.
>
> Joseph Stalin.
>
> But, look at how Russia handled the Germans in World War II.
>
> They didn't fight them at the border.
>
> They let them come in.
>
> They let them say, yeah, sure, come in, take our territories.
>
> We'll just retreat.
>
> And that's what you've got to do as a guy.
>
> Because here's what you do, Cyril.
>
> Tomorrow morning, when you go to work or whatever you're doing,
>
> wear one sock.
>
> And do that the next day and the next day
>
> until she says to you,
>
> hey, honey, you're only wearing one sock.
>
> And then you go, oh, thank you.
>
> Thank you.
>
> I hadn't even noticed.
>
> Oh, yeah, I'll wear two socks.
>
> And you keep doing that.
>
> You keep doing that for a while.
>
> And then eventually she'll start reminding you every day.
>
> And you can be like, thank you.
>
> Without you, I would never have noticed my sock problem.
>
> And like Russia, if you do that,
>
> it'll take a long time
>
> until she gets to anything important like the Germans.
>
> You'll be able to keep your PlayStation.
>
> You'll be able to smell your own farts.
>
> You'll even be able to eat your own earwax.
>
> It's going to be great.
>
> Keep that up.
>
> Do we have a little more time?
>
> Yeah.
>
> Now, you see, you see, one thing for me, you know,
>
> I get very paranoid about things being taken from me.
>
> And that's where this is coming from.
>
> Because when I was a kid, when I was in high school,
>
> I was like, hey, I'm going to do this.
>
> I'm going to do this.
>
> I'm going to do this.
>
> I'm going to do this.
>
> I'm going to do this.
>
> I'm going to do this.
>
> I'm going to do this.
>
> I'm going to do this.
>
> I'm going to do this.
>
> Very paranoid about things being taken from me.
>
> And that's where this is coming from.
>
> Because when I was a kid, when I was about seven,
>
> something was stolen from me.
>
> That's right.
>
> I was circumcised.
>
> Something.
>
> Now, judging by the response to that comment,
>
> a lot of you don't know what circumcision is.
>
> Come and talk to me after.
>
> I'll show you.
>
> But what began as a very traumatic experience
>
> as a child in adult life has turned,
>
> into a real advantage.
>
> Because on those rare occasions
>
> where a woman gets in close proximity
>
> with the tip of my penis,
>
> she'll be like,
>
> and I'll be like, hey,
>
> why are you sighing on my penis?
>
> And she'll be like,
>
> you have no idea how many dirty dicks there are out there.
>
> Oh, no.
>
> I know it's been hard for you.
>
> I know you've seen a lot of that.
>
> But I'm going to fix that for you tonight now.
>
> That's when I realized, too,
>
> a lot of my own brother and they're not putting in
>
> enough attention around it.
>
> So I thought I'd end on a few key tips
>
> for you, Cyril,
>
> to help make your lady's life more pleasant.
>
> So the first thing you can do,
>
> like in your car,
>
> you have that Wunderbaum hanging from the mirror.
>
> Just hang it from your penis.
>
> Women are very sensitive to that.
>
> To smell that will immediately make it more pleasant for her.
>
> Women are also very visual.
>
> So, you know, like up here above your penis,
>
> just tattoo a pleasant scene,
>
> like a field of grass with some flowers growing in it.
>
> Or maybe a tree with a few birds singing, you know.
>
> Something to help take her mind off the disgusting ouchies.
>
> But there is actually a much simpler thing you can do.
>
> It's simple.
>
> When she's down there,
>
> just bring a box of crackers.
>
> And once she's there,
>
> you kind of feed her the crackers.
>
> Because cheese goes really well with crackers.
>
> And that, for me, is how we're going to end tonight.
>
> It guarantees no one's getting any sex here.
>
> And now you're all with me.
>
> Okay, thank you, you guys, for being here.
>
> Give it up once again for Harry Potter, ladies and gentlemen.
>
> Oh, my God.
>
> Ladies and gentlemen,
>
> we've made it to the end of another open mic here at Kon-Tiki.
>
> Thank you all so much for coming out.
>
> Now, I have to tell you guys,
>
> this open mic happens every single goddamn Tuesday, right?
>
> So,
>
> if it's a Tuesday night,
>
> please come over here and see us again.
>
> Also, I do want to mention,
>
> I saw the donation box,
>
> thank you to everybody.
>
> Vanessa will be at the door,
>
> so please stop by her and say goodnight before you go.
>
> Now, we are going to end tonight
>
> like we always do, ladies and gentlemen,
>
> here at Kon-Tiki.
