---
layout: show
player_id: 20190611_Kontiki_11th_June_2019
audio_file: Kontiki_11th_June_2019.mp3
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 11 Jun 2019, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/aAXDKdkQbHBnUfBg7
length_of_set: 636.0
laughs_per_minute: 13
notes: |
  Tinder
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> Give it up for Chris Carlow once again, everybody!
>
> Don't chew on toes.
>
> Uh, okay.
>
> Ladies and gentlemen, I think it's
>
> about time we bring up the last
>
> act of tonight. He's the sexiest
>
> comedian here in Zurich.
>
> I love him. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up
>
> for our last comedian of tonight,
>
> Harry Fuchs, everybody!
>
> So my name is actually Harry Fuchs.
>
> It's a German name.
>
> Spelled F-U-C-K-S.
>
> I repeat, F-U-C-K-S.
>
> But in a room with a lot of English speakers,
>
> you will think my name is Harry Fuchs.
>
> My name is
>
> not Harry Fuchs.
>
> Because in my family, when we have a family
>
> get-together,
>
> we get very upset when you call us
>
> a group of fuckers.
>
> And I have
>
> two kids.
>
> I had to call them "how the"
>
> and "what the".
>
> You know, I didn't want
>
> them to get bullied at school.
>
> But, uh,
>
> you know, the real problem with a name like
>
> Harry Fuchs is it sets a
>
> very high level of expectation.
>
> And I've only really done about this
>
> much fucking.
>
> In fact, honestly, I'm gonna share something
>
> with you. It has actually been quite a
>
> long time since I had sex.
>
> Put your hands up if you
>
> haven't had sex in a long time.
>
> Okay, I'm gonna realize I'm coming to the
>
> Zurich Infomaniacs Anonymous.
>
> So,
>
> maybe then, to help you understand
>
> my condition, how it is for someone
>
> when they haven't had sex in a long time,
>
> it's kind of like you're hallucinating.
>
> It's, uh,
>
> you know, you could be walking down the street
>
> and you see a couple of dogs
>
> and they're sniffing each other's asses
>
> and you look at them
>
> and you think, "I wish that was me."
>
> Or you go into a micro,
>
> you see an acción
>
> on watermelon,
>
> you get one hand on that watermelon,
>
> maybe two,
>
> and boom, it's like you're
>
> in a different dimension.
>
> You're getting hot, it's getting
>
> steamy, you've forgotten you're in micro,
>
> there's everyone watching you, and then you
>
> hear this,
>
> and you look,
>
> and there's an old lady about to hit you
>
> with a handbag, and you think, uh,
>
> "She's nice."
>
> Yeah, that's how it is.
>
> But, you know, I've been having it pretty hard
>
> recently because, you know, the last
>
> 20 years of my life I've been in one
>
> long-term relationship or another,
>
> but since about a year now
>
> I've been back in the dating pool.
>
> Which obviously completely
>
> sucks, but, you know,
>
> 20 years ago, we didn't
>
> have Tinder. So I thought,
>
> "Okay, I'll give Tinder a try, maybe that's
>
> the answer."
>
> How wrong I was.
>
> Because for you guys, you guys, you're all
>
> young, you know, Tinder for
>
> under 30-year-olds is an amazing
>
> place. Because you get to
>
> swipe through hot, sexy
>
> bodies, and potential
>
> erotic encounters,
>
> and the dream that you're a prince.
>
> Might be in here.
>
> But for me,
>
> for me, Tinder over 40
>
> is a very dark place.
>
> No, seriously, because I
>
> have to swipe my way through broken
>
> marriages,
>
> drinking and alcohol problems,
>
> faded tattoos
>
> saying, "No regrets!"
>
> I regret having seen that, but, uh,
>
> you know, and the funny thing is,
>
> is all the women on Tinder,
>
> when it comes to their Tinder profile,
>
> they're oddly specific, you know, because
>
> they put stuff in there that seems
>
> to be about what they don't want in their next
>
> relationship, like, uh,
>
> "So I'd left if you hate children."
>
> "So I'd
>
> left if you're planning to run off with
>
> my sister."
>
> "So I'd left if you fantasize
>
> about adult diapers."
>
> And it's really kind of weird, and it makes me
>
> wonder, you know, ladies,
>
> what is it that happens to you
>
> in the next 10 to 15 years
>
> that your life ends up ruined?
>
> Could it be that
>
> prince that you found on Tinder one time?
>
> You know, it's tough,
>
> but, uh, you know,
>
> we could go for an RR
>
> at this point.
>
> But, uh, you know,
>
> for me the thing is, for me the thing is,
>
> is like, you know,
>
> sometimes I think about this, and I think, uh,
>
> you know, maybe the real problem
>
> is, is when I get on Tinder
>
> and I see
>
> a 50-year-old woman
>
> making a duck face.
>
> Because how, how do you get
>
> to 50 years thinking that
>
> a duck face is okay?
>
> The only time
>
> a duck face is okay is
>
> when both your parents are ducks.
>
> Woo!
>
> .
>
> Because ducks typically only
>
> live about 10 years.
>
> The universe had no idea
>
> of a 50-year-old duck face.
>
> It just shouldn't be happening.
>
> But, you know, and, and
>
> so I was on Tinder, and then this,
>
> this woman, one time this woman,
>
> she was about 52, I think, she sent me
>
> this message, "With those cute
>
> blue eyes, how
>
> is it you're running around free?"
>
> Now, aside from the fact
>
> that that is probably the worst chat
>
> up line ever,
>
> just imagine, me as a man,
>
> if I said that to any woman,
>
> "You shouldn't be running around
>
> free. You should
>
> be tied up in my dungeon."
>
> It's, it's really kind of a weird thing to want to say
>
> to someone. What it made me realize
>
> is actually the real problem here, is that,
>
> is that all the women,
>
> they don't really know, many of you don't know
>
> how to chat with men, because,
>
> you know, you have zero game, because
>
> all the time, men
>
> were chasing you. Men got all the
>
> practice. And, you know,
>
> if we're honest, things are getting
>
> a bit saggy now.
>
> The men aren't showing
>
> so much interest.
>
> And, for me, I actually, I feel really
>
> kind of sorry for them, because
>
> recently I was reading that as women
>
> get older, their sex drive
>
> actually increases.
>
> So what we're saying is,
>
> is that they have zero game,
>
> they're super horny.
>
> And no one really wants to
>
> fuck them.
>
> Now, I know at this point,
>
> who the fuck is this guy? Can I solve
>
> this for you? I think I have a solution.
>
> We need to find another
>
> group that is, has
>
> zero game, is super horny,
>
> and that no one wants to fuck.
>
> Teenage boys.
>
> We need an app for all the
>
> women. It's called TeenDog.
>
> Yeah, but, I mean, honestly,
>
> thank you, thank you. Here the guys
>
> are with that. The women are like,
>
> "Fuck this guy."
>
> Whatever. So, you know,
>
> honestly, but I'm not saying I'm
>
> getting a lot of sex. We've already established that.
>
> And part of the reason for that is that
>
> I'm a single dad. I have two teenage kids,
>
> and they both live with me. So,
>
> absolutely no one wants to fuck me.
>
> But, you know, I thought I'd tell you
>
> maybe a little bit of what it's like to be
>
> a single dad, because
>
> I'm constantly being confronted with
>
> situations that I am wholly
>
> unprepared for.
>
> For example, recently,
>
> I came back from work, and I
>
> went into the bathroom,
>
> and oh my god, it looked like a crime scene.
>
> There was blood on the mirror,
>
> blood in the sink, drops
>
> of blood on the floor,
>
> and the toilet looked like something from
>
> a horror movie.
>
> And then I heard a screaming,
>
> and I looked around,
>
> and I realized the screaming was coming from me.
>
> But at that moment,
>
> my daughter showed up,
>
> and she said, "Hey, Dad,
>
> I got my period!"
>
> So,
>
> after cleaning up her menstrual
>
> blood, I was like,
>
> "Hey, can I get you something?"
>
> And she said, "Dad,
>
> get me tampons."
>
> Now, obviously, I am not at all
>
> qualified to buy tampons,
>
> but I thought, hey, this can't be so hard,
>
> so I went back to Miko
>
> wearing a wig.
>
> And I took a little look around,
>
> and what I found,
>
> what I found is that
>
> tampon product names
>
> are exactly no use whatsoever
>
> when it comes to choosing a tampon.
>
> Because, you know,
>
> you have names like
>
> "Obie Price,"
>
> what, like professional women
>
> that bleed for a living?
>
> Or, uh,
>
> "Tampax Radiance."
>
> You know, what are we talking about?
>
> Okay, glow-in-the-dark tampons,
>
> when you need to get it in
>
> when the lights are off, I don't know.
>
> Or, uh,
>
> the one I actually liked the most
>
> was "Always Infinity."
>
> But when your
>
> vagina is an unfillable
>
> black hole.
>
> But, you know, in the end I ended up
>
> choosing a different product.
>
> It's called "Always Home by Eleven."
>
> It's amazing.
>
> And around about 10 o'clock, it starts
>
> leaking, and she is ALWAYS
>
> home by eleven.
>
> Thank you.
>
> And thanks for that,
>
> because I also felt really proud
>
> after this, because, you know,
>
> it's not every day, as a father,
>
> that you get to choose what your daughter
>
> crams in her vagina.
>
> Okay, I think that's good.
>
> Thank you.
>
> Thank you very much.
>
> Thank you very much.
>
> And with that, ladies and gentlemen,
>
> we are finished with the open mic tonight.
>
> Thank you all so much for...
