---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20190619_Kontiki_19_June_2019
audio_file: Kontiki_19_June_2019.mp3
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 19 Jun 2019, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/aAXDKdkQbHBnUfBg7
length_of_set: 519.0
laughs_per_minute: 9
notes: |
  Tinder and my hand
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> Give it up once again for Gregorio! Crazy kick! Crazy kick!
>
> Ok folks, we only have one last comedian left here in our first half, I know! Awww!
>
> Do it harder! Awww!
>
> That's nice, I feel great now, huh? Ladies and gentlemen, we only have one last
>
> comedian left and we're going to take a very quick break and try to clean up
>
> this fucking curtain behind me, huh?
>
> So, without further ado, give him a big round of applause, Harry Fuchs
>
> everybody!
>
> So my name is actually Harry Fuchs. It's a German name.
>
> Spelled F-U-C-K-S-R-O-P-F-U.
>
> C-K-S.
>
> But I'm in a room with English speakers like this, a lot of you think my name
>
> is Harry Fuchs.
>
> In my family, when we have a family get-together, we get very upset when you
>
> call us a group of fuckers.
>
> And I have two kids. I had to call them "Alba" and "Woppa".
>
> I needed to give them a good start when I was there.
>
> You know, the real problem with a name like Harry Fuchs is it sets a very high
>
> level of expectation.
>
> I've only really done about this much, I think.
>
> And, you know, this is actually, I'm going to just confess to something, it's
>
> actually been a long time since I've had sex.
>
> Put your hands up if you haven't had sex in a long time.
>
> Okay, we got one or two, but, you know, the rest of us, they seem to be the Zurich
>
> nymphomaniacs.
>
> Okay.
>
> Well, maybe for you guys, I'll just kind of explain a little bit the condition
>
> that a few of us have here.
>
> See, when you haven't had sex in a long time, it's kind of like you're hallucinating.
>
> Because you could be walking down the street and you see a couple of dogs.
>
> And they're, like, sniffing each other's asses.
>
> And you're looking at them and you're thinking, "I wish I was made."
>
> Or you go into Migros.
>
> And you spot an action on watermelon.
>
> You get one hand on that watermelon, maybe two.
>
> You're in a different dimension.
>
> It's getting steamy.
>
> You're in Migros.
>
> You've forgotten that people are watching you.
>
> And suddenly you hear, "Junge Mann, schämen Sie sich nicht."
>
> And you look.
>
> And there's an old lady about to hit you with a handbag.
>
> And you think, "Ooh, she's nice."
>
> I mean, actually, though, you know, I've had a lot of experience with
>
> relationships.
>
> And, you know, the last 20 years or so, I was in one long-term relationship or
>
> another.
>
> But for about the last year now, I've been back in the dating pool.
>
> Which obviously sucks.
>
> But luckily, like, 20 years ago, we didn't have Tinder.
>
> And as we've already heard about Tinder tonight, I thought, "Okay, maybe give
>
> Tinder a try."
>
> Maybe Tinder is the answer.
>
> How wrong I was.
>
> Because let me explain.
>
> For you guys, you're mostly pretty young.
>
> So Tinder under 30 is an amazing place.
>
> You get to swipe your way through hot, sexy bodies and potential erotic
>
> encounters.
>
> And the idea that your prince, your dream man might somewhere be in here.
>
> But for me, for me, Tinder over 40 is a dark place.
>
> I have to swipe my way through broken marriages, drug and alcohol problems,
>
> faded tattoos saying, "No regrets."
>
> It's brutal.
>
> It's brutal.
>
> And it actually makes me wonder, ladies, what is it that happens in the next 10
>
> to 15 years that leads to most of your lives being ruined?
>
> What's the prince you found on Tinder?
>
> Because, you know, it's interesting.
>
> When you look at the profiles of all the women, they're oddly specific about
>
> what they don't want in the next relationship.
>
> It's kind of like this is what their prince did to them.
>
> Like, swipe left if you hate children.
>
> Swipe left if you want to run off with my sister.
>
> Swipe left if you fantasize about adult diapers.
>
> You know, it's really specific.
>
> But it's pretty dark.
>
> But actually, the worst thing about all the Tinder for me, the most terrifying
>
> thing, is the sight of a 50-year-old woman making a duck face.
>
> I mean, how the fuck do you get to 50 years thinking a duck face is okay?
>
> The only time a duck face is ever okay is if both your parents are ducks.
>
> And actually, ducks only live about 10 years.
>
> The universe did not intend for 50-year-old duck faces, ever.
>
> Yeah, it's strange.
>
> But actually, one woman, she was 52.
>
> She texted me and she was like, "With those cute blue eyes, how is it you're
>
> still running around free?"
>
> Now, aside from that being the worst joke.
>
> Being the worst chat-up line I think I've ever heard.
>
> Can you imagine if I said that to any woman?
>
> "You shouldn't be running around free.
>
> You should be tied up in my dungeon."
>
> What the fuck?
>
> And it made me realize that basically the problem here is that all the women,
>
> they don't really know how to chat up men.
>
> They have zero game.
>
> Because for all these years, men have been chasing them.
>
> Men have been getting all the practice in how to chat them up.
>
> But now things are getting a bit saggy.
>
> Men are not as interested as they used to be.
>
> And you know, I feel kind of sorry for them because I actually read as well
>
> that as women get older, their sex drive actually increases.
>
> So what we're saying here is that they have zero game, they're super horny, and
>
> no one really wants to fuck them.
>
> We need to find a solution to this problem.
>
> We need a solution.
>
> Surely there's some other group that has zero game, is super horny, and no one
>
> wants to fuck.
>
> Teenage boys.
>
> And then, out of all the women, it's called "teen-dub."
>
> Yeah, it's a funny thing.
>
> You know, but recently, actually I was walking down Badnerstraße.
>
> It's like over there in the cool part of Zurich where the hipsters live.
>
> And this young man came past on his bicycle, on his hipster bicycle.
>
> And he looked me in the eye and did this.
>
> Now, at first I was quite impressed because he was right next to the tram track.
>
> He pulled that off without wiping out.
>
> But then I thought, wait a second.
>
> This young man is actually onto something.
>
> Because I am a first-class masturbator.
>
> My hand and my penis is a love affair of over 40 years.
>
> Longer than most of you have even been on the planet.
>
> And, you know, it's got to the point where I just think about my hand and, you
>
> know, if I go on a date with a woman.
>
> And I'm like, wow, she's kind of cute.
>
> Yeah, but could she beat my hand?
>
> Because my hand doesn't need an acrobat.
>
> My hand doesn't want to go on a date.
>
> It does not want to have babies one day.
>
> When I look at it, my hand is kind of perfect.
>
> So I'm going to end here by asking you guys to give my hand a big hand.
>
> And I'm going to say goodnight and maybe shake some.
>
> Do you know what to get your hands on?
>
> First-class masturbator, bring it on.
>
> Okay.
