---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20191231_Kontiki_31_Dec_2019
audio_file: Kontiki_31_Dec_2019.m4a
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 31 Dec 2019, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/rUHAiPQGZNf9JHJa7
length_of_set: 771.52
laughs_per_minute: 6
notes: |
  Between Christmas and New Year messing around show
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> I see.
>
> I'll take it.
>
> No, no, I like what you had before, I'll take it.
>
> Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the stage, your next act, Mr. Harry Fuchs!
>
> So my name is actually Harry Fuchs.
>
> It's a German name, spelled F-U-C-K-S, I repeat, F-U-C-K-S.
>
> If I'm in a room with English speakers like this, a lot of you think my name is
>
> Harry Fuchs.
>
> My name is not Harry Fuchs.
>
> And in my family, when we have a family get-together, we get very upset when
>
> you call us a group of fuckers.
>
> And I have two kids.
>
> I had to call them how the and what the.
>
> Just to give them a good start in life.
>
> But you know, the real problem with a name like Harry Fuchs is it sets a very
>
> high level of expectation.
>
> There's really only been about this much happening, but honestly it was that
>
> much happening.
>
> And in fact, recently, it has in fact been a long time since I've had any sex.
>
> Put your hands up if you haven't.
>
> You haven't had sex in a long time?
>
> David?
>
> No?
>
> Okay.
>
> David's getting it too.
>
> Well, okay.
>
> I hadn't realized I was coming to the Zurich Newcomaniacs Anonymous, you know
>
> what I'm saying?
>
> So maybe to help you guys understand my condition a bit, how it is when you
>
> haven't had sex in a long time.
>
> It's kind of like you're hallucinating.
>
> Because you could be walking down the street, and you see a couple of dogs.
>
> And you're sniffing each other's asses.
>
> And you think, "I wish that was me."
>
> Or you go into Migros, and you spot an acción on watermelon.
>
> You get one hand on that watermelon, maybe two, and bam, it's like you're in a
>
> new dimension.
>
> It's just you and that watermelon.
>
> It's getting hot, it's getting steamy.
>
> You don't care who's watching.
>
> And then suddenly you hear this, "You're a man shaming," he says.
>
> And there's an old lady about to hit you with a handbag.
>
> And you look at her, and you're like, "What's wrong with you? What's wrong with
>
> you?"
>
> And you look at her, and you're like, "What's wrong with you? What's wrong with
>
> you? What's wrong with you? What's wrong with you?"
>
> And you look at her and think, "She's nice."
>
> And you look at her and think, "She's nice."
>
> Thank you.
>
> One applause there. I appreciate the one applause.
>
> Let's keep it to just one applause for tonight.
>
> Let's keep it to just one applause for tonight.
>
> So, you know, but it's been a tough year for me.
>
> So, you know, but it's been a tough year for me.
>
> 2019, because I got dumped by my first Swiss girlfriend.
>
> 2019, because I got dumped by my first Swiss girlfriend.
>
> 2019, because I got dumped by my first Swiss girlfriend.
>
> Yeah, thank you. I appreciate that.
>
> Yeah, thank you. I appreciate that.
>
> But on the plus side, it has made me an expert on the world of sports.
>
> But on the plus side, it has made me an expert on the world of sports.
>
> But on the plus side, it has made me an expert on the world of sports.
>
> I think I can give you some good tips.
>
> I think I can give you some good tips.
>
> I think I can give you some good tips.
>
> I learned some things about Swiss women.
>
> I learned some things about Swiss women.
>
> They have certain key phrases that they use.
>
> They have certain key phrases that they use.
>
> Like, "Oh, shitsly."
>
> That is a great thing.
>
> That means there's a high probability of sexual favors.
>
> That means there's a high probability of sexual favors.
>
> But if Sandra says to you, "Shuts!"
>
> But if Sandra says to you, "Shuts!"
>
> That is bad news. You should probably spend the night off.
>
> That is bad news. You should probably spend the night off.
>
> But if she says to you, "Hurkamell!"
>
> But if she says to you, "Hurkamell!"
>
> That's a good thing.
>
> That means she's as horny as a whore.
>
> That means she's as horny as a whore.
>
> But if she says, "Lek mich doch am Arsch!"
>
> But if she says, "Lek mich doch am Arsch!"
>
> Now, this one's very confusing.
>
> Because under no circumstances should you try to lick her asshole.
>
> Because under no circumstances should you try to lick her asshole.
>
> Because under no circumstances should you try to lick her asshole.
>
> Unless, unless she says, "Das ist ein Schiesterleck!"
>
> Unless, unless she says, "Das ist ein Schiesterleck!"
>
> In which case, you could try to lick her asshole.
>
> In which case, you could try to lick her asshole.
>
> But you might be in for a nasty surprise.
>
> But you might be in for a nasty surprise.
>
> I feel like we've set this relationship up for a wonderful future now.
>
> I feel like we've set this relationship up for a wonderful future now.
>
> It's going to be fantastic for them.
>
> Yeah, I don't know.
>
> So, you know, 2019. I just got back.
>
> Actually, I just got back from Germany.
>
> I had to spend Germany at my mum's place.
>
> I had to spend Germany at my mum's place.
>
> For me, as a guy in my 40s,
>
> spending time at my mum's house is just awful.
>
> spending time at my mum's house is just awful.
>
> It's just like, I don't even get to jackpot.
>
> It's just like, I don't even get to jackpot.
>
> I had to use the kitchen.
>
> It was just horrible.
>
> But, you know, she's 82.
>
> So I'm not going to have to do this shit much longer.
>
> So I'm not going to have to do this shit much longer.
>
> Thinking about 2019,
>
> it has been a crazy year.
>
> And I read something even crazier this morning.
>
> And I read something even crazier this morning.
>
> Apparently 2019, believe it or not,
>
> Apparently 2019, believe it or not,
>
> was the best year in human history.
>
> It's amazing.
>
> Poverty is down.
>
> Infant mortality is down.
>
> Infant mortality is down.
>
> Literacy is up.
>
> So why are we all so miserable?
>
> So why are we all so miserable?
>
> And then it hit me.
>
> It hit me.
>
> The answer is, we're not Jewish.
>
> The answer is, we're not Jewish.
>
> Because if you're Jewish,
>
> you don't need to be told that this is a great year.
>
> Because 80 years ago,
>
> that was a bad year for Jews.
>
> I think my German colleagues,
>
> who are very quiet right now,
>
> know what I'm talking about.
>
> But now, a Jew is a very happy person.
>
> If you want to be happy in 2020,
>
> convert to Judaism.
>
> That's my tip.
>
> I'm sorry, this joke was too Jew-y.
>
> I'm sorry, this joke was too Jew-y.
>
> We're trying to stay away from that.
>
> So let's go somewhere else.
>
> I'm thinking about
>
> New Year's resolution time.
>
> Anyone here got their New Year's resolutions ready?
>
> Anyone here got their New Year's resolutions ready?
>
> Even New Year's resolutions?
>
> Is this like the things you're going to give up in 2020?
>
> Anyone been working on this stuff?
>
> Anyone been working on this stuff?
>
> I was thinking, what can I stop in 2020?
>
> I was thinking, what can I stop in 2020?
>
> I thought, what about porn?
>
> I thought, what about porn?
>
> Obviously not all the porn.
>
> That would be just too much.
>
> But maybe just a few categories.
>
> Maybe I could just give up on a few categories of porn.
>
> Maybe I could just give up on a few categories of porn.
>
> Like MILFs, for example.
>
> MILFs. Mothers.
>
> I'd like to fuck.
>
> Because I'm a father. I have kids.
>
> I have a lot of access to mothers.
>
> Probably I'm not going to get to fuck them.
>
> But it's the chances there I could probably afford to give that up.
>
> But it's the chances there I could probably afford to give that up.
>
> Or maybe GILFs.
>
> You heard of GILFs?
>
> This is even worse.
>
> This is GRANNYs I'd like to fuck.
>
> Oh my god.
>
> I don't want to fuck any GRANNYs.
>
> I'm going to save something to look forward to when I get older.
>
> I'm going to save something to look forward to when I get older.
>
> So I think we could skip on that.
>
> Another one that I'd probably skip would be
>
> Another one that I'd probably skip would be
>
> TENTACLE PORN.
>
> We have anyone into the TENTACLE PORN here
>
> We have anyone into the TENTACLE PORN here
>
> that is insane enough to admit that?
>
> You see, I just don't think we should be doing that kind of stuff to sea life.
>
> You see, I just don't think we should be doing that kind of stuff to sea life.
>
> You see, I just don't think we should be doing that kind of stuff to sea life.
>
> That's just not okay.
>
> Sea life belongs in the sea.
>
> Not in the pussy.
>
> We've gone too dark.
>
> We've gone too dark.
>
> I'm sorry people.
>
> This is how I feel at the end of 2019.
>
> David, tell me.
>
> Are you giving up any porn categories?
>
> Never.
>
> That is a fantastic German answer.
>
> I'm going to conquer all the porn in 2020.
>
> I'm going to conquer all the porn in 2020.
>
> Anyone else thinking of giving up any porn?
>
> Anyone else thinking of giving up any porn?
>
> This guy looks like he needs to give up some porn.
>
> What's your name, sir?
>
> I'm Anton.
>
> If you had to give up some porn,
>
> what porn would you give up, Anton?
>
> What porn would you give up, Anton?
>
> The hard one.
>
> The hard one, yes.
>
> The hard porn.
>
> He can't choose.
>
> You're on a desert island.
>
> You can't take all your porn with you.
>
> Which one would you leave behind?
>
> This is such a tough decision.
>
> Anton, I appreciate that you love porn so much.
>
> Anton, I appreciate that you love porn so much.
>
> It's just so hard to figure out what to abandon.
>
> It's just so hard to figure out what to abandon.
>
> What's the first category that comes to your mind?
>
> What's the first category that comes to your mind?
>
> Threesome.
>
> Threesome porn.
>
> Yeah, you're on a desert island. It's just you.
>
> That's a great decision.
>
> Because you're not getting any threesomes ever again.
>
> Because you're not getting any threesomes ever again.
>
> This is a smart man, Anton. Well done.
>
> Good choice for 2020.
>
> I don't know where I'm going with this.
>
> Can you pass my drink over there?
>
> Can you pass my drink over there?
>
> I just need a sip of this stuff.
>
> I just need a sip of this stuff.
>
> Do you know this stuff?
>
> Vitamin Well.
>
> You know these things?
>
> You see that?
>
> They've got them in all the kiosks now in Zurich.
>
> Vitamin Well.
>
> I just can't stop drinking this shit.
>
> I just can't stop drinking this shit.
>
> It's just like a bottle.
>
> A bottle that's full of bullshit.
>
> Wrapped in some marketing with a word on it.
>
> Wrapped in some marketing with a word on it.
>
> Like reload.
>
> I am reloaded right now.
>
> Holy shit!
>
> I just believe the words they put on this stuff.
>
> And they have other words like upgrade
>
> and defense
>
> and anti-oxidant.
>
> I get really excited about it.
>
> What other words could they have?
>
> They could have huge.
>
> We could get some big dick energy off that.
>
> Or maybe clever so I can be smart enough to stop drinking this shit.
>
> Or maybe clever so I can be smart enough to stop drinking this shit.
>
> Or maybe just funny.
>
> I could be the greatest comedian in the world.
>
> I could be the greatest comedian in the world.
>
> You guys need a bottle of laugh right now.
>
> You guys need a bottle of laugh right now.
>
> Let me just end this.
>
> Let's keep on going.
>
> Let's keep on going.
>
> One more thing.
>
> I told you already, I'm a father.
>
> I have two teenage kids.
>
> I'm a single dad.
>
> They live with me.
>
> I do the whole thing on my own.
>
> For example,
>
> with my daughter,
>
> having a teenage daughter,
>
> having to deal with stuff that I'm completely unprepared for.
>
> having to deal with stuff that I'm completely unprepared for.
>
> Because recently, I came back from work,
>
> I went into the bathroom,
>
> and oh my god,
>
> it looked like a crime scene in there.
>
> There was a bloody handprint on the mirror,
>
> drops of blood in the sink,
>
> more blood on the floor,
>
> and the toilet looked like something from a horror movie.
>
> And then I heard this screaming,
>
> And then I heard this screaming,
>
> and I looked around,
>
> and I realized the screaming was coming from me.
>
> and I realized the screaming was coming from me.
>
> At that moment,
>
> my daughter turned up and said,
>
> "Hey dad, I got my period."
>
> So after cleaning up her menstrual blood,
>
> I was like,
>
> "Can I get you something?"
>
> And she said,
>
> "Dad, get me tampons."
>
> Now obviously as a man,
>
> I have zero qualifications for this job.
>
> But I thought, it can't be so hard.
>
> So I went back into Migros,
>
> this time wearing a wig.
>
> And I took a look around,
>
> and what I discovered is that
>
> tampon product names
>
> are exactly no use whatsoever
>
> when it comes to choosing a tampon.
>
> Because you have names like
>
> "OB Pro."
>
> And what is this?
>
> For professional women that bleed for a living?
>
> "Dad, I want that for my daughter."
>
> Or
>
> "Tampax Radiant."
>
> Like blowing the dark tampons
>
> so when the lights are off
>
> you can't find a way in.
>
> Or "Always Infinity."
>
> I like this one.
>
> It's like, "For when your vagina
>
> is an unfillable black hole."
>
> But I ended up choosing
>
> a different product from Always.
>
> It's fantastic.
>
> It's called "Always Home by 11."
>
> Wow.
>
> Because around about 10 o'clock
>
> it starts to leak,
>
> and she is always home by 11.
>
> It was wonderful.
>
> And for me this whole experience
>
> was a very proud one as a father.
>
> To choose what your daughter
>
> crowns in her vagina.
>
> Wow.
>
> We've ended 2019
>
> on the lowest point.
>
> I love it.
>
> So you guys have a fantastic
>
> new year.
>
> Build yourselves back up from here.
>
> And this will be
>
> the thing that you can just forget
>
> about 2019 from this point on.
>
> Alright, Chris.
>
> Give me the back of your hand.
>
> It's 6 o'clock, ladies and gentlemen.
