---
layout: show
player_id: 20190506_Kasheme_6th_May_2019
audio_file: Kasheme_6th_May_2019.m4a
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kasheme Open Mic
date_of_show: 06 May 2019, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kasheme
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/Lr8ubdQiaGZ4zyfz9
length_of_set: 763.84
laughs_per_minute: 4
notes: |
  Finally started recording audio with the voice memo app
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> That was pretty good!
>
> That was pretty solid.
>
> Now, I know you don't care, but I'm Turkish, and I don't think you're cool
>
> either.
>
> Let's bring up our next comedian, everybody.
>
> I love this guy. He's originally from the UK, guys.
>
> He's from the UK.
>
> He's done our mic a couple times before.
>
> He's very funny.
>
> Give it up for Harry Fox, everybody!
>
> Hey!
>
> So, my name is actually Harry Fuchs.
>
> It's a German name.
>
> It's spelled F-U-C-K-S.
>
> I repeat, F-U-C-K-S.
>
> Of course, when I'm with English speakers, a lot of you think my name is Harry
>
> Fox.
>
> My name is not Harry Fox.
>
> The problem with a name like Harry Fox is it sets a very high level of
>
> expectation.
>
> And I'm right about here on the fucking scale, I'm afraid.
>
> This is actually something that makes me feel a little bit insecure, because,
>
> you know,
>
> I actually don't, after all this time that I've been on this planet, I still
>
> don't know if I'm any good at sex.
>
> Because I read recently, you know, I read recently that to be good at anything,
>
> you need to do it for 10,000 hours.
>
> 10,000 hours is a lot of fucking...
>
> It's a lot of fucking...
>
> Seriously, and if I try to add up all the fucking I've done, I may be throwing
>
> the masturbation...
>
> and the pornography.
>
> I'm probably only at about 5,000 hours.
>
> Okay, maybe it was 6,000 with the porn, I don't know.
>
> But, you know, the thing is, I find this kind of very depressing, because I
>
> know that I'm never, maybe ever going to attain the idea that I'd be good at
>
> sex.
>
> But what's even more depressing to me is that right here, right now, in this
>
> room, you all suck at sex, too.
>
> This is a terrible thing, you know.
>
> And the worst part about it is that instead of doing something about it, you're
>
> just sat here listening to me.
>
> You need to act now.
>
> Because, you know, if you are fucking for 24 hours a day for an entire year,
>
> you're only at about 8,000 hours.
>
> I've done the maths, I've thought this through.
>
> Because, you know, also, if you live for 70 years, you need to have sex 11
>
> times a day.
>
> From the day you...
>
> From the day you are born, to the day you die.
>
> And I don't know what's worse about that, the idea of newborn babies fucking,
>
> or sex with old people on the day they're dying.
>
> I'm sorry, please cover your mum's ears, it's me, we're at a birthday party.
>
> But, you know, I know some of you, though, some of you are like, this is
>
> bullshit, this is bullshit.
>
> I know I'm good at sex, Peter, for example.
>
> Look, he's got all these women following him around, some of them he even made
>
> them.
>
> You know, I'm good at sex.
>
> Only two people are good at sex, Peter.
>
> Prostitutes and compulsive liars.
>
> You need to stop lying, you're clearly a hoe.
>
> So, I think what makes this stuff hard is that men and women, we don't really
>
> understand what the opposite sex enjoys.
>
> And, you know, I encountered this recently, I was on a date with a girl, we
>
> ended up in bed, and she couldn't even tell me where her own clitoris was.
>
> Her own clitoris.
>
> Maybe I forgot to remove the gag, I can't remember.
>
> But, uh, we're getting some hushes of dialysis, but I'm gonna leave this place
>
> with the trauma.
>
> She's a psychologist, she can help you after the show.
>
> But, uh, you know, I mean...
>
> Actually, I think that I found a solution to this.
>
> It's actually a very easy solution so that men and women can understand each
>
> other better.
>
> All you've gotta do is take a number three tram through Zurich.
>
> If you take a number three tram through Zurich, the first place it's gonna stop
>
> is outside Sensuelle.
>
> Sensuelle is a sex shop for women.
>
> And if you go to Sensuelle, to what, Sensuelle is actually near the Seelpost at
>
> the Harbour.
>
> Sensuelle is a sex shop for women. And if you go to Sensuelle, to what, Sensuelle
>
> is actually near the Seelpost at the Harbour.
>
> I'm gonna do a bit of geography here.
>
> Okay, if you need to go there, that's the place.
>
> And if you go in Sensuelle, it's a sex shop for women, you'll find it's full of
>
> feathers and aromas and sexy underwear and erotic books.
>
> Because for women, a big part of sex is what's going on in their mind, not just
>
> their body.
>
> What's going on in their head.
>
> Does this mean that I just need to make sure I have my dick in her mouth?
>
> I don't know.
>
> Okay, a few giggles there.
>
> Dude, that was a really fucking uncool joke.
>
> Me too, can someone call me too here?
>
> But if you get back on the tram, let's get back on the tram quickly and get the
>
> hell out of there.
>
> And go on a little bit, you'll find that eventually it's gonna stop outside the
>
> erotic factory.
>
> And of course, men find nothing more erotic than a factory.
>
> Full of underpaid workers.
>
> In a third world country.
>
> And actually, just the name.
>
> Just the name, ladies, tells you everything you need to know about men's
>
> sexuality.
>
> They would find a factory erotic.
>
> The whole story is there.
>
> And so between Sensuelle, like so sensitive, and the erotic factory, we are
>
> worlds apart.
>
> We will never, ever reach a point of good sex.
>
> But then I realized that this doesn't have to be a depressing thing.
>
> This might actually be amazing.
>
> This might be the liberating thing.
>
> The secret to our happiness.
>
> Because you can come to a place like that.
>
> And if you see, like here tonight.
>
> If you see someone you like, you can go, "Yeah, I feel you.
>
> I know, I know, I know you suck at sex.
>
> So do I.
>
> Let's go and have bad sex together."
>
> Alright, that's where I'm getting the hell out of here tonight.
>
> Thank you.
>
> Thank you for the good work.
>
> Give it up for Henry Fox, everybody!
>
> He proved tonight he definitely does it.
>
> Wow, our acts are getting dirtier and balder somehow.
>
> I don't know how this is happening.
>
> Ladies and gentlemen, we do have one last comedian left in our first half.
>
> I know, right?
>
> Awww.
>
> Do it harder!
>
> Awww.
>
> Don't worry, guys.
>
> We've got more comedy in the second half.
>
> But I am going to bring up our last comedian of this half.
>
> This guy is amazing.
>
> He's originally actually, he's American, but he now lives in Geneva.
>
> Okay, so the French part of Switzerland people over there, keep your eyes open.
>
> Exactly, sir.
>
> So, I want you guys to give him a big Zurich warm welcome.
>
> Here he is, everybody, Robbie Toole!
>
> Hello.
>
> So I think I'm like the condenser.
>
> I don't know if you can kind of look at me.
>
> I've got a very strange body type.
>
> There's not a lot of people shaped like this here.
>
> And I know that from when I go clothes shopping.
>
> Because, like, there's only two versions of shirts that I can buy.
>
> They're either crop tops or cocktail dresses.
>
> That's all I've got.
>
> And no one showed me one.
>
> And I was like, I'm so sorry, you're probably not going to find this one.
>
> And I'm like, I'm going to go get it.
>
> And I'm like, I'm going to go get it.
>
> And I'm like, I'm going to go get it.
>
> And I'm like, I'm going to go get it.
>
> And I'm like, I'm going to go get it.
>
> And I'm like, I'm going to go get it.
>
> or cocktail dresses. That's all I've got. No one showed me one. And I was like,
>
> I'm so sorry, you're probably not going to find it.
>
> Every jazz wants to have their caps. And I was like, I guess, but I don't know
>
> how I want to be shaped like a cap.
>
> I have the same length, width, and height. Like, when I talk about my
>
> measurements, I just go, seven, Q.
>
> When I was in school, that's how my teachers taught geometry. They're like, "Robbie,
>
> can you stand up?"
>
> I said, "Robbie, you have to choose. It's all or nothing."
>
> You can't even tell if I'm standing up or lying down.
>
> One stage out, I think.
>
> Uh.
>
> I think I saw the most Swiss thing I've ever seen before.
>
> I was walking down the street, and I saw this old man start a trot.
>
> And he got a third of the way there, and then the great man turned to a red man.
>
> So he just turned around and went back.
>
> But he couldn't make it in time, so a car drove right up to him and honked at
>
> him.
>
> I was like, wow.
>
> It was in that moment that I realized why the Swiss are neutral.
>
> Because when people stop following rules in war,
>
> they want you to follow them.
>
> They want you to win.
>
> Could you imagine a Swiss general going, "Alright everybody, let's go! Let's
>
> charge!"
>
> Oh wait, they're not ready. They're not ready.
>
> Go back. Go back.
>
> You know what, let's wait for them to shoot first, just to make sure.
>
> Wait for the green man.
>
> And he won't do that.
>
> Um.
>
> So I, like, here have a pregnant wife.
>
> That's all right.
>
> And for the third time.
>
> Woo!
>
> I usually just get two reactions.
>
> I don't get three, I get two.
>
> The first one is, "Oh, so you're living here like that one."
>
> And then the other one is, "What's wrong with you?"
>
> Three?
>
> And like, I haven't even told my mom yet.
>
> Like, I'd rather just tell people I don't care about them.
>
> But when I talk to my mom in the moment,
>
> I think she'd tell someone else.
>
> She's like, "Honey, is there something you want to tell me?"
>
> Like, I can't. Not yet.
>
> And then I remember, I walked into the gym one day,
>
> and the guy was like, "Hey man, how's it going?"
>
> "My wife's pregnant."
>
> "You have to tell somebody."
>
> Oh boy.
>
> But I'm glad my kids are growing up.
>
> I have two little kids right now.
>
> And I'm glad they're growing up Swiss,
>
> because I think that they're going to learn.
>
> There's so many Swiss here.
>
> I know Michelle.
>
> We have a couple of Swiss people.
>
> I think you guys are lucky,
>
> because you understand how to be risk averse.
>
> When you're growing up,
>
> like, I've seen this on the playground.
>
> You can tell who the Swiss parents are,
>
> because they're just sitting on the bench,
>
> sipping on their, well, in Geneva,
>
> they sip on their Ronverse days.
>
> Just kind of hang out.
>
> All the American parents are just chasing their kids around.
>
> That's because we know.
>
> Our kids don't have that same sense of danger.
>
> I kid you not.
>
> I saw this.
>
> This kid walks up to the slide.
>
> Definitely this kid.
>
> He gets to the edge,
>
> and he realizes the slide's too big for him.
>
> So he turns around and he slides down feet first.
>
> And he just floats down like a feather.
>
> And then my son was right behind him,
>
> and he was like,
>
> "Oh, so you can go down the slide in different ways."
>
> So he just went head first.
>
> Straight off the slide.
>
> And then I have a one-year-old daughter,
>
> and she's just walking around the playground
>
> having a good time.
>
> And she saw a zip line.
>
> Like a kid kind of flying on a zip line.
>
> She was like,
>
> "Oh, that looks fun.
>
> I'm gonna go right at it."
>
> So my daughter just starts walking,
>
> walking, walking.
>
> Boom!
>
> This six-year-old just takes her right out.
>
> But luckily,
>
> he was a Swiss six-year-old,
>
> so he explained to her that it was her fault.
>
> I think people in the U.S. have a big geography problem,
>
> and I think people in the U.S. have a big geography problem,
>
> and I think people in the U.S. have a big geography problem,
>
> and I think people in the U.S. have a big geography problem,
>
> and I think people in the U.S. have a big geography problem,
>
> like a lot of my friends from back home,
>
> they'll send me messages,
>
> they're like,
>
> "Hey, I'm coming to Europe in two weeks.
>
> "Want to meet up?"
>
> "Oh, are you going to downtown Europe,
>
> "or midtown Europe?"
>
> My mother is like,
>
> "No, I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S.
>
> "I'm going to the U.S."
