---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20200930_ComedyKiss_30_Sep_2020
audio_file: ComedyKiss_30_Sep_2020.m4a
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Comedy Kiss
date_of_show: 30 Sep 2020, 20:00
name_of_venue: Auer & Co
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/bgDGtgad7Df9EwWZ9
length_of_set: 592.72
laughs_per_minute: 7
notes: ""
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> Two, one, go on, your next action, Harry Potter!
>
> - Wow, so normally I come on stage,
>
> I have a comedy persona and I start telling some jokes,
>
> but I feel that this situation requires
>
> some special treatment, you know?
>
> Because I'm sure it's very awkward for you
>
> just to be all forwards, but I've got eight minutes
>
> to stand up here and just have you four people
>
> staring at me.
>
> Yeah, I'm funny.
>
> I feel like I need to mix this up,
>
> like, why am I on stage?
>
> I mean, I could just come down and get in with you guys,
>
> make it more close, more special.
>
> - We can share with you a few.
>
> - So first, what was your name, actually?
>
> - Mine? - Yes.
>
> - Sarah.
>
> - Sarah, do you think you're gonna be able
>
> to fix this relationship with Charles after all?
>
> - I mean, yeah, I've seen worse, so.
>
> - I'm seeing like the boy language has been leaning
>
> further away, Charles.
>
> And then the story about an elk.
>
> What about the hammer?
>
> Was there a hammer in there?
>
> - No, no.
>
> - Okay.
>
> - Not yet.
>
> - Let's move on from the Benson act story.
>
> So how long-- - Oh my God.
>
> - Yeah, you just got the joke, I appreciate it.
>
> - This one, yes.
>
> - Yes.
>
> - We went over, that was a very French laugh,
>
> I appreciate it.
>
> We had a good laugh.
>
> - Jack!
>
> - We have one of our comedian friends.
>
> So how long have you guys been together?
>
> - Two years.
>
> - Two years, so you met in Zurich?
>
> - Yeah.
>
> - At a French event, or?
>
> - French, yeah.
>
> - What was the event?
>
> - Karaoke, German karaoke.
>
> - Oh, you did like, (speaking in foreign language)
>
> Was it like this?
>
> - No, no, no, no.
>
> - Well, yes, because in French karaokes,
>
> you only speak French songs.
>
> - There's lots of French karaokes.
>
> - It's absolutely forbidden to sing any English songs,
>
> or wait, no, I'm joking.
>
> Oh yeah, we were singing a lot of songs.
>
> - What was the song that he sung
>
> that you just like, lit up?
>
> - Actually, "Black Hole Sun" from Song Garden.
>
> - That's a very-- - Song Garden.
>
> - That is a very depressing song for us.
>
> - Yeah.
>
> - Wait, Charles, can we just reenact this moment?
>
> - Ooh, yeah, okay.
>
> ♪ Black hole sun, won't you come ♪
>
> ♪ And wash away the rain ♪
>
> ♪ Black hole sun, won't you come ♪
>
> ♪ Won't you come ♪
>
> ♪ Black hole sun, black hole sun ♪
>
> - All right, that's enough.
>
> - If we can bring some of your French studio into this,
>
> I'd actually love to.
>
> So what's going on over here?
>
> Let's meet, so we've got Sev, I didn't get your name.
>
> He wasn't talking about you 'cause he knows
>
> he shouldn't ruin your relationship.
>
> 'Cause you work here, what's your name, lad?
>
> - Biggie.
>
> Biggie.
>
> - Biggie, like?
>
> - Richard.
>
> - Oh, okay, I was just gonna demonstrate
>
> my lack of work knowledge.
>
> Richard, Biggie.
>
> - Biggie.
>
> - Biggie, okay, Biggie.
>
> So, I sense there's something going on here.
>
> - I think.
>
> - Can we make it awkward for you guys?
>
> All right, I think we can make this awkward,
>
> 'cause as I'm not, I'm just gonna be anywhere.
>
> Let's wander around behind you two.
>
> I'm doing a comedy behind Sev.
>
> So, Sev, tell me, what do you think of me?
>
> She's like, "Of course, very cool, very cool."
>
> Okay, and then?
>
> - Notorious B.I.G.
>
> - Notorious B.I.G., wow.
>
> Okay, I'm not gonna put you through the same awkwardness.
>
> Shane's looking at me like, "Should I do some comedy?"
>
> I think we've reached the level of awkwardness
>
> I like to have when I get on stage.
>
> So, Shane said, "Yeah, my name is actually Harry Foote,
>
> "it's a German name, spelt F-U-C-K-S,
>
> "I repeat, F-U-C-K-S."
>
> - Foote.
>
> - Exactly, but when English speakers are around,
>
> they all think my name is Harry Fox.
>
> It's not.
>
> - Fife.
>
> - It's not.
>
> In fact, in my family, when we have a family get-together,
>
> we get very upset when we call a group of fuckers.
>
> Okay, we're getting a lot, this is working amazingly.
>
> And I have two kids.
>
> I had to call them Howler and Walter,
>
> just to give them a good start in life.
>
> Okay, we're getting some laughs here, so this is good.
>
> How long have I got to do this for, so, Shane?
>
> I can't take much more of this.
>
> - You've got three minutes.
>
> - Three minutes, okay.
>
> All right, all right, so where should we go with this?
>
> You know, okay, I've got something for you.
>
> So, I wanna share a childhood trauma with you guys.
>
> I think this is a joke that's gonna set
>
> the rest of the evening on a perfect course,
>
> 'cause when I was about seven,
>
> something terrible happened.
>
> That's right, I was circumcised.
>
> Okay, judging from this reaction,
>
> you don't seem to understand circumcision.
>
> Come and talk to me after, I'll show you.
>
> That joke doesn't work in the room.
>
> Well, what began as a very traumatic,
>
> I shouldn't even do this joke.
>
> Should I find a nice, soft joke for you guys,
>
> 'cause it's too much to sing.
>
> Yeah, so I have these two teenage kids,
>
> and I'm a single dad.
>
> I deal with two teenage kids that live with me.
>
> And I have, like, my son, for example.
>
> He's 14, and recently,
>
> I caught him looking at porn.
>
> That is an awkward situation.
>
> Luckily, luckily for me, I'm a bit of an expert,
>
> and I can point him at all the best categories.
>
> The ladies are like, I'm not really ready to laugh at that.
>
> But the guys were, so guys, come over here.
>
> I'll do the rest of the joke for you guys.
>
> And he's actually been having a bit of a problem
>
> with the ladies, 'cause he's already been rejected
>
> over 50 times by the same girl.
>
> He's 14.
>
> It's a joke, but he knows something.
>
> Made up for the sake of laughter.
>
> - I was thinking it was true.
>
> - And the punchline was,
>
> it's glad to see him keeping up family tradition.
>
> A lot of French skepticism.
>
> - Okay, I'm about to get a beer or something.
>
> - Harry, what did you do?
>
> - I'm losing the audience already.
>
> Okay, what other jokes can I do?
>
> Let me, let me, and he's just there.
>
> Oh, you wanna, we can go back to the subject.
>
> Like you said, Sam is the best crowd member.
>
> I thought we were getting somewhere with Charles.
>
> All right, so, and although it's been circumcised,
>
> you know, and it began as a real disadvantage,
>
> but in later life, as an adult,
>
> it turned into a real advantage,
>
> because on those rare occasions
>
> where a woman would find her head
>
> close to the tip of my penis,
>
> she would invariably sigh, like, (sighs)
>
> and I'd be like, "Hey!
>
> "Why are you sighing on my penis?"
>
> And she'd be like, "You have no idea.
>
> "You have no idea how many dirty dicks there are out there."
>
> I'm just checking out this guy, as I can see.
>
> It's sad, I think, that Charles, you know.
>
> Okay, I'll go on.
>
> I'm just watching your face.
>
> We've been in the anus area, now we get to this.
>
> And so, I thought I'd just end in this last minute
>
> with maybe a few tips for Sam and Charles,
>
> just to make sure that all the ladies here are happy.
>
> So, just what you can do if you aren't circumcised.
>
> Like, you know in your car,
>
> you have that Wonderbomb hanging from the rear view mirror?
>
> Just hang up from your penis.
>
> Women are very sensitive to smell.
>
> That will immediately make her life more pleasant.
>
> Or another thing you can do is,
>
> women are very visual,
>
> so right here, up above your penis,
>
> just tattoo a pleasant scene,
>
> like a field of nice green grass with some flowers.
>
> Maybe a tree with a few birds singing,
>
> something to help take her mind
>
> off the disgusting act she has to put on.
>
> But there is a simpler solution,
>
> in case this was too complicated,
>
> is just bring a box of crackers,
>
> and while she's down there, just feed her the crackers.
>
> Because cheese goes really well with crackers.
>
> - Oh my God.
>
> - All right.
>
> - So good luck, guys.
>
> - Thanks, Harry.
>
> - No problem.
>
> - You've achieved, you've scaled off 25% of the audience.
>
> Congratulations.
