---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20200626_Bern_26_Jun_2020__Tinder
audio_file: Bern_26_Jun_2020__Tinder.m4a
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: The American Standup Show - Bern
date_of_show: 26 Jun 2020, 20:00
name_of_venue: Gustavs Biergarten
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/LFSv31u2BngxKixu7
length_of_set: 453.82
laughs_per_minute: 6
notes: |
  Tinder bit
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> I think you guys are really going to enjoy him. He's actually originally from England, but he's
>
> been living here in Switzerland for the past 17 years.
>
> And yes, this is his real name. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Henry Fox!
>
> Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Henry Fox!
>
> So my name is actually Harry Fux. It's a German name. Spelled F-U-C-K-S. I repeat, F-U-C-K-S.
>
> When I'm in a room of English speakers like this, a lot of you think my name is Harry Fox.
>
> But my name is not Harry Fox. And in my family, when we have a family get-together, we get very
>
> upset when you call us a group of fuckers.
>
> And I have two kids. I had to call them "how the" and "what the" just to give them a good start on
>
> life.
>
> But the real problem with a name like Harry Fox is there just hasn't been enough fucking.
>
> In fact, this whole lockdown situation, if I can share something with you guys, it has actually
>
> been a long time since I've had sex.
>
> Put your hands up if you haven't had sex in a long time.
>
> Well, obviously not Ricardo. He's like getting it proud.
>
> Simona, I'm very upset that you came over here and I've just been sleeping around with your
>
> coronavirus from Milan.
>
> I don't even know if you... Whatever, you're that person I'm talking to.
>
> He's just shocked. I think I... Simona was this guy, was it?
>
> So you... Okay.
>
> I feel like I want to explore this, but I also really don't want to explore it.
>
> No, okay. So if I can explain my condition to you, how it is when you haven't had sex in a long
>
> time,
>
> it's kind of like you're hallucinating.
>
> Because you could be walking down the street and you see a couple of dogs sniffing each other's asses.
>
> And you look at them and think, "I wish that was me."
>
> Or you go into micro. You go into micro, you spot an acción on watermelon.
>
> You get one hand on that watermelon. Maybe two. Bam! It's like you're in a new dimension.
>
> It's just you and that watermelon. It's getting hot. It's getting steamy. You're oblivious to all
>
> the people watching.
>
> And then you hear this voice saying, "You're my man's shaman," and you look.
>
> And there's an old lady about to hit you with a handbag, and you think, "She's nice."
>
> Yeah, so that's how that was.
>
> But yeah, so locked up, feeling very horny.
>
> And my stupid brain gave me a really stupid idea.
>
> I got on Tinder.
>
> Now for you guys, you're mostly pretty young, you know.
>
> Like for you guys, Tinder is an amazing place.
>
> Because you get to swipe your way through hot, sexy bodies and potential erotic encounters.
>
> And the dream that your prince, your perfect match, could somehow be in here.
>
> But for me, I have to deal with all the Tinder.
>
> And all the Tinder is a dark place.
>
> Because I have to swipe my way through broken marriages, drug and alcohol problems, faded tattoos
>
> saying, "No regrets!"
>
> It's brutal.
>
> Ladies, I've got to ask, what happens to you in the next 10 to 15 years at least of your lives
>
> being ruined?
>
> It's terrible.
>
> And the scariest thing about all the Tinder is the sight of a 50-year-old woman making a duck face.
>
> I mean, how the fuck do you get to be 50 and think that a duck face is okay?
>
> The only time a duck face is ever okay is when both your parents are ducks.
>
> Actually, ducks only live about 10 years.
>
> The universe has no place for 50-year-old duck faces.
>
> So it's kind of depressing.
>
> But actually, even more depressing than just swiping in the app is actually going on in all the
>
> Tinder dates.
>
> Because you turn up and you're all kind of chirpy and happy.
>
> And then inevitably the conversation goes like, "Well, yeah, I fucked up the last 40 years of my
>
> life."
>
> "But for some insane reason I'm naively optimistic it's uphill from here."
>
> And then she's like, "Oh, wow, I fucked up my life too."
>
> And you go, "Wow, that's something massively depressing we have been following."
>
> And then I go, "Why don't you come back to my place and we can just kill ourselves?"
>
> That would be the perfect end to this date.
>
> So, you know, after a few of these I'm like, "I hate this app. I'm going to delete it."
>
> I go to delete the app and at just that second I get a message from a lady.
>
> And I think she was 52.
>
> And she said, "With those cute blue eyes, how is it you're still running around free?"
>
> Now, aside from that being the worst possible chat-up line ever,
>
> can you imagine if I was to say that to any woman here?
>
> "You shouldn't be running around free. You should be tied up in my dungeon."
>
> That is an insane thing to say to anyone.
>
> And what it made me realize actually is that all the women, they have a bit of a problem.
>
> They have a problem that they have zero game.
>
> They don't really know how to chat up men.
>
> Because for years now men have been making all the effort, coming up to them, getting all the
>
> practice.
>
> But now guys aren't showing as much interest.
>
> And what makes this even worse, as I read recently, is that when women get older their sex drive
>
> actually increases.
>
> So what we're saying is that they have zero game.
>
> They're super horny.
>
> And no one really wants to sleep with them.
>
> I know. That's terrible. That's terrible.
>
> It's so terrible I thought, "I'm going to fix this. I'm going to find a solution."
>
> I thought about it. I thought all we need is another group that has zero game, is super horny, that
>
> no one wants to fuck.
>
> Teenage boys.
>
> Wow. That is the answer to this.
>
> And I'm a bit of an entrepreneur. We're developing at it.
>
> We're calling it Teender.
>
> Thanks a lot you guys.
