---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20200918_Kontiki_18_Sep_2020__PPS
audio_file: Kontiki_18_Sep_2020__PPS.m4a
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Kontiki Open Mic
date_of_show: 18 Sep 2020, 20:00
name_of_venue: Kontiki
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/69hmyW2P1svVbHSM6
length_of_set: 382.72
laughs_per_minute: 13
notes: |
  First time I did PPS
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> The Last Comedian, we're starting to get ready to finish.
>
> Ready?
>
> Jordan, you feeling ready for The Last Comedian?
>
> - Ready.
>
> Of course.
>
> - You're born ready.
>
> Let's bring him up, ladies and gentlemen.
>
> This guy, he's originally from the UK,
>
> but he's been living here in Switzerland
>
> for the past, what, 17 years?
>
> And this is his real name.
>
> Everybody give it up for Harry Fox.
>
> Harry Fox, everybody!
>
> - So my name is Harry, and I suffer from PPS.
>
> That's perfect penis syndrome.
>
> I'm also the most humble person I know,
>
> and it's hard to be humble when your penis is this perfect.
>
> Sometimes, just to let it out,
>
> I go into the supermarket, into the vegetable section.
>
> I find the cucumbers.
>
> I stare them down, just to let them know
>
> I'm not intimidated.
>
> And I actually only found out that I have PPS
>
> last Christmas while comparing with friends.
>
> And it's a tough thing to discover at my age,
>
> that you suffer from PPS,
>
> because I've only got a couple of years left in this.
>
> It's very distressing.
>
> So, you know, something I've decided that I'm gonna do.
>
> We live in this strange age where everybody can identify
>
> as whatever gender you want.
>
> So I've decided that I identify as an attractive woman.
>
> I'm not gay.
>
> I just identify as an attractive woman for the benefits.
>
> And I'll be at the bar after the show
>
> if you wanna buy me a drink.
>
> And there are actually a lot of benefits
>
> to identifying as an attractive woman.
>
> Like recently, I went into Starbucks.
>
> I ordered a green tea frappuccino,
>
> and the guy said to me, "What's your name?"
>
> And I said, "My name is Harry.
>
> "I'm an attractive woman."
>
> And he said, "Well then, hey, this drink's on the house."
>
> And I said, "Thank you.
>
> "Please bring it to my table."
>
> Or another time recently, I was driving.
>
> I was a bit over the limit.
>
> The police stopped me.
>
> They said, "We're gonna need some identity."
>
> I said, "My identity is attractive woman."
>
> And they said, "Hey, well then you're free to go
>
> "after you've blown into this."
>
> Okay, I'm sorry.
>
> I think I've offended everyone here.
>
> I'm really sorry.
>
> I didn't honestly write these jokes.
>
> Some guy wrote them for me.
>
> Okay, the level of hostility here is reaching maximum level.
>
> There's a lady here.
>
> She's looking at me very offended.
>
> Yes, you, you're one.
>
> I'm just picking you at random for the purpose of this joke.
>
> Have you considered identifying as an attractive woman?
>
> It makes everything better.
>
> Wow, okay, okay.
>
> Let's get really aggressive a bit.
>
> Let's move swiftly on.
>
> So PPS is not the only trauma that I've had in my life.
>
> In fact, the first trauma I ever had
>
> was at the age of seven when something terrible happened.
>
> That's right, I was circumcised.
>
> Okay, judging from this reaction,
>
> not a lot of you understand circumcision.
>
> Come and talk to me after, I'll show you.
>
> You see, what began as a very traumatic childhood experience
>
> in adult life has turned into a real advantage
>
> because on those rare occasions
>
> where a woman's head finds itself close
>
> to the tip of my perfect penis,
>
> she will invariably sigh, like, "Pfft."
>
> And I'm like, "Hey, why are you sighing on my penis?"
>
> And she'll be like, "You have no idea,
>
> "no idea how many dirty dicks there are out there."
>
> Okay, he seems to have experienced this.
>
> I don't know how you got this dirty dick experience,
>
> but I'm sorry that happened to you.
>
> Maybe we can fix this for you now
>
> 'cause I'm gonna just close with a few tips
>
> for you guys, you know, my uncut brethren here
>
> not putting in enough attention down here.
>
> These tips will help you
>
> make your woman's life more pleasant.
>
> Like, you know in your car, you know,
>
> you have on the rear view mirror that will boom the valve?
>
> Just hang it from your penis.
>
> Women are very sensitive to smell.
>
> That will immediately make her life more pleasant.
>
> Women are actually also very visual,
>
> so what you can do is right here up above your penis,
>
> just tattoo a pleasant scene,
>
> like a field of green grass with some flowers growing,
>
> maybe a tree with a few birds singing, you know,
>
> something to take her mind
>
> off the disgusting act she has of a girl.
>
> Okay, but I'm sensing a lot of confusion,
>
> especially in Ecuador right now.
>
> This tip is for you in Ecuador.
>
> It's very simple.
>
> All you gotta do is bring a box of crackers,
>
> and while she's down there, just feed her the crackers,
>
> because cheese goes really well with crackers.
>
> Oh, I love that.
>
> I love that sound.
>
> I've just ruined these guys' dates here.
>
> No one here's getting any sex tonight,
>
> and now we're all in one team together.
>
> That's wonderful.
>
> Thank you, guys.
>
> You've been a lot of fun.
>
> Ah, yes.
>
> That was hairy.
