---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20200301_Alehouse_1_Mar_2020
audio_file: Alehouse_1_Mar_2020.m4a
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Alehouse Comedy Showcase
date_of_show: 01 Mar 2020, 20:00
name_of_venue: The Alehouse - Palmhof
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/DRCS69m8rVcc7dh17
length_of_set: 520.64
laughs_per_minute: 12
notes: ""
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> ...British, but he's been living here in Switzerland for more than 17 years.
>
> And this guy is hilarious, and yes, this is his real name.
>
> Everybody give it up, it's Harry Fuchs!
>
> Give it up for Harry Fuchs!
>
> So my name is actually Harry Fuchs.
>
> It's a German name.
>
> It's spelled F-U-C-K-S-R-O-P-F-U.
>
> C-K-S.
>
> But when I'm in a room with English speakers like this, a lot of you think my
>
> name is Harry Fuchs.
>
> My name is not Harry Fuchs.
>
> And in my family, when we have a family get-together,
>
> we get very upset when you call us a group of fuckers.
>
> And I have two kids.
>
> I had to call them how-the and what-the.
>
> I've got to give them a good start in life, you know?
>
> But the real problem with a name like Harry Fuchs is I get a lot of stupid
>
> comments.
>
> Like recently this guy came up to me, it's an American tourist, he's like,
>
> Yo, Harry Fuchs! Harry Fuchs what, man?
>
> I'm like, what?
>
> And he's like, exactly, Harry Fuchs what, man?
>
> I'm like, alright.
>
> Let me see if I can throw him off with some adverbs.
>
> Harry Fuchs, hopefully.
>
> Harry Fuchs, occasionally.
>
> Harry Fuchs, enthusiastically.
>
> And that's where I threw him off.
>
> He was just confused.
>
> So was I, but a lot of confusion.
>
> But actually, before I continue, I do have to make one thing clear.
>
> I identify as an attractive woman.
>
> I'm not gay.
>
> I just identify.
>
> As an attractive woman.
>
> For the benefits.
>
> I'll be at the bar after the show if you want to buy me a drink.
>
> Maybe Rick here can relate to this, you know?
>
> He might be an attractive woman too, but please don't buy him any drinks at the
>
> bar.
>
> That wouldn't be okay.
>
> And, you know, there are a lot of benefits to being an attractive woman.
>
> Like, I went into Starbucks and the guy said, and I ordered a green tea frappe.
>
> And the guy said, what's your name?
>
> And I said, my name is Harry.
>
> I'm an attractive woman.
>
> And he said, hey, well, then this drink's on the house.
>
> And I said, thank you.
>
> Please bring it to my table.
>
> Or, you know, recently I was driving.
>
> I was a little bit over the limit.
>
> And the police stopped me.
>
> And they said, we're going to need some identity.
>
> And I said, my identity is attractive woman.
>
> And they said, well, then, hey, you're free to go.
>
> After you've blown into this.
>
> Okay, I should, I'm sorry.
>
> I didn't write these jokes.
>
> Some guy wrote them for me.
>
> So a lot of people at the moment are worried about coronavirus.
>
> Anyone worried about coronavirus here?
>
> Apparently this guy in the corner, some skeptic over there.
>
> I was a bit worried.
>
> I got myself tested.
>
> The good news is that I don't have coronavirus.
>
> The bad news is some of it.
>
> Do you have AIDS?
>
> Okay, that's two.
>
> I'm an attractive woman.
>
> Don't even, don't even, I'm not kidding.
>
> But you should get tested, aren't you?
>
> Yeah, I don't know.
>
> How's your, how's your 2020 been going so far?
>
> You been enjoying 2020?
>
> Having a good time?
>
> Yeah, fuck yeah.
>
> Fuck yeah.
>
> That was a lame fuck yeah from over there.
>
> Yeah, and well, I've been having a bit of it.
>
> I've been having a bit of a shitty 2020 because, you know, I've been feeling a
>
> bit kind of down and depressed, all this dark weather.
>
> And so I did what a real man does under these circumstances.
>
> I got on YouTube and I watched animal videos.
>
> And then I found an animal that just totally cheered me up.
>
> This animal is so incredible that, you know, I'm amazed I got to this age and
>
> not knowing about it.
>
> So let me explain.
>
> I've got to explain a little bit.
>
> So the animal I'm talking about is called the Argonaut.
>
> It's an octopus, okay?
>
> And so the female Argonaut is extremely aggressive, you know, and if the male
>
> gets anywhere near, she's going to eat it.
>
> So the men are terrified of the females.
>
> I think there's a few guys in that corner that can relate to this, but so that
>
> what the males have done, they've developed a unique solution to this.
>
> This is incredible.
>
> And I put on my David Attenborough voice to explain this.
>
> So when the male of the species spots it.
>
> When the male of the species spots a female, he detaches his penis, the penis
>
> swims through the sea, and homes in on her vagina.
>
> Sorry, not your vagina, by the way, sorry about that.
>
> And there's a mum here just going, "Why? My whole family is here just getting
>
> ruined at the moment. Gareth, you're responsible for this."
>
> Yeah, no, so this is actually true, this animal exists, there is a, so I put it
>
> in layman's terms.
>
> There is an octopus out there with a detachable heat-seeking dick, this thing
>
> is incredible, and why are we not teaching kids in school about this?
>
> And I got thinking, like, wow, how crazy would it be if human beings had detachable
>
> dicks?
>
> That would be insane, like, everything would be different, you know, like, you
>
> know, imagine, it's like, it's like Monday morning and Natko here, you know,
>
> she's just hanging around and shuffling.
>
> She's got some rubber duck, you know, thinking about the farmer job today,
>
> suddenly, BAM, this dick just slaps her in the face, she's like, "Oh, fuck,"
>
> she hides behind some old ladies, she holds up the rubber duck, dicks are just
>
> flying everywhere, bouncing off the duck, she jumps in the train, she arrives
>
> at her farmer company, luckily, there's a sign saying, "Please keep your penis
>
> attached to yourselves."
>
> I mean, a world, and the more I thought about it, like, the crazier the world
>
> would be, there's some people just losing it, it would be insane how crazy the
>
> world, we probably have, like, dick-related sports, you know, you have, like,
>
> like, dick racing, or at the Olympics, you got the dickathlon, Nike changes its
>
> slogan to just dick it, you know, that'd be crazy, and, you know, and, I mean,
>
> there's just so many questions.
>
> It actually raises more questions than what would happen if we had universal
>
> basic income, because, you know, like, like, for example, what would happen if
>
> you lost your dick, that would be crazy, you're just gonna hope you got an app
>
> on your phone, like, find my penis, or could you borrow your friend's dick,
>
> that would be crazy, that would be like, I wasn't cheating, it was his dick, so
>
> many possibilities, and then I thought about it more, I thought, but what is it?
>
> What if, what if when you shoot your dick, it's a one-time only thing, and then
>
> you have to wait three months for your dick to regrow?
>
> There's a lot of tension.
>
> Some of the ladies are like, oh, that would be awful, but some others are like,
>
> oh, that would be such a relief, finally.
>
> But, you know, and, and, and, you know, that would lead to more crazy stuff,
>
> you know, like, like, you know, when girls go to brunch on Sunday, all happy,
>
> they're like, oh, last night, you know,
>
> that was so romantic, he got down on one knee, and gave me his dick.
>
> That would be, that would be a romantic scene, or, or couples, you know, when
>
> you ask them, like, how long have you guys been together, they wouldn't be like,
>
> nine years, like, Thomas here would be like, I think it was about 36 dicks, and,
>
> and I thought, I remember 45, he's like, hanging around in shuttle often too
>
> much, I guess.
>
> Alright, I'm done, I'll leave you with the dick off.
>
> Dick, dick off of it, you guys have a lot of fun.
>
> Okay, that was very, the dick philosopher of Fox News.
