---
layout: show
player_id: 20200725_Open_Air_Sektor11__25_Jul_2020
audio_file: Open_Air_Sektor11__25_Jul_2020.m4a
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Open Air Sektor 11 Oerlikon
date_of_show: 25 Jul 2020, 20:00
name_of_venue: Sektor 11 Oerlikon
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/yHr4zGo1bmHLUYKh7
length_of_set: 400.24
laughs_per_minute: 4
notes: ""
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> Keep it going for your next act. Harry Fox, everybody. Give it up for Harry Fox.
>
> Wow, what a wonderful setting. So romantic. Must be so nice for you guys.
>
> For me, it's not nice at all, because I am pissed, Sector 11. I am angry.
>
> I'm the worst kind of angry. I'm angry with myself.
>
> Because this morning, I was shaving, and I fucked up my beard.
>
> And now, I look like Charles Xavier and Wolverine had a mutant love child.
>
> And I don't really have the personality for this beard, you know.
>
> I just don't have the personality of a 70s porn star.
>
> So, that's where I'm entering this.
>
> But there are, in general, a lot of...
>
> kind of annoyed, angry people in the world at the moment, today.
>
> For example, women. Women, at the moment, I think, women have reached the point
>
> where you are sick of the dick pics.
>
> Because I read a statistic recently, and it's terrifying.
>
> It's that, actually, in the age range 20 to 40,
>
> almost 50% of men have sent a dick pic in the last six months.
>
> Just looking around here.
>
> The guy in the white hat looks a bit dick-picky, I don't know.
>
> I'm a little bit suspicious.
>
> I'm not sure what he's doing in his free time.
>
> You need to check on that man.
>
> But, you know, and...
>
> But that might be a difficult number for you ladies to visualize.
>
> So, let me make...
>
> Here's how you can figure that out.
>
> If you give your phone number to 10 guys here tonight,
>
> by Christmas time, you've got a stack of five dicks on your phone.
>
> And then, you can just print them out.
>
> Use them as Christmas cards.
>
> Hang them from your Christmas tree.
>
> Make an album.
>
> Great present for your dad.
>
> That's a good choice right there.
>
> But, yeah, I was at the bar earlier, and I heard something.
>
> I heard something that I think needs to be addressed.
>
> I think that there could be someone here who has their birthday today.
>
> Do we have any birthday people here in the house?
>
> Maybe a...
>
> I'm seeing over there.
>
> Thank you.
>
> Is it your birthday today, ma'am?
>
> Yes.
>
> Is that it?
>
> Was that a yes?
>
> Yes.
>
> Wow.
>
> A round of applause to her.
>
> And how old are you?
>
> Oh, wait, wait.
>
> I'm not allowed to ask women how old they are.
>
> Yes.
>
> Okay.
>
> In your life, how many men have you slept with?
>
> I'm sorry.
>
> I'm sorry.
>
> It's like the rings of a tree, you know?
>
> You can just count the age from the number of dicks.
>
> I don't know.
>
> So, how did you...
>
> Did you have a cake this morning?
>
> Candles?
>
> Anything?
>
> I don't know.
>
> I don't know.
>
> Did you have a cake this morning?
>
> Candles?
>
> Anything?
>
> I don't know.
>
> I don't know.
>
> I don't know.
>
> Did you have a cake this morning?
>
> Candles?
>
> Anything?
>
> Anything like this today?
>
> So, you've already had that.
>
> That's wonderful.
>
> What about presents, you know?
>
> Would you like a dick pic from my friend here?
>
> Would that make your day?
>
> How awkward is this for you right now?
>
> Very awkward.
>
> Okay.
>
> I'm going to try and fix it for you.
>
> How about we all sing "Happy Birthday"?
>
> Ready?
>
> No, don't do it.
>
> Don't do it.
>
> Don't do it.
>
> We all hate that song.
>
> No.
>
> Okay.
>
> Okay.
>
> Your name is Mishi, right?
>
> No.
>
> Okay.
>
> One thing.
>
> One thing for you.
>
> One thing for your birthday.
>
> Just give me the answer to this question.
>
> What, for you, Mishi, is the sexiest sea creature in all the oceans?
>
> Just name any creature.
>
> First thing that comes to your head.
>
> What?
>
> Okay.
>
> Someone else.
>
> She's just freaking out here.
>
> Heidi.
>
> Give me a sea creature.
>
> Octopus.
>
> An octopus.
>
> Yeah.
>
> Correct.
>
> Correct.
>
> The sexiest sea creature.
>
> It is actually an octopus.
>
> It's called the Argonaut octopus.
>
> I learned this recently.
>
> This creature is amazing.
>
> So I'm going to explain it to you with my David Attenborough voice, you know?
>
> So when the Argonaut octopus spots a female, he detaches his penis, it swims
>
> through the
>
> water and homes in on the vagina.
>
> Oh, sorry.
>
> Not your vagina.
>
> Sorry.
>
> Mistake.
>
> So yeah, this thing is real.
>
> Maybe that in layman's terms, there is an octopus out there, wait for it, with
>
> a detachable
>
> heat seeking dick.
>
> This thing is incredible.
>
> Google that shit.
>
> How are we not teaching kids in school about this stuff?
>
> It's amazing.
>
> And actually I got thinking about it and I thought, wow, how strange would it
>
> be if human
>
> beings had detachable dicks?
>
> That would be crazy.
>
> There's various ladies who go, "Oh no!"
>
> Because you know, I mean, it would just change everything.
>
> We probably have like dick related sports, you know, you'd have like dick
>
> racing at the
>
> Olympics.
>
> You got the dickathlon.
>
> Nike changes its slogan to "Just dick it!"
>
> And you know, and then we'd have a whole set of new problems we have to deal
>
> with.
>
> Like what would happen if you lost your dick?
>
> Oh my God.
>
> You just have to hope you got an accident.
>
> You just have to hope you got an app on your phone like, "Find my penis."
>
> And like, could you borrow your friend's dick?
>
> I wasn't cheating, it was his dick.
>
> You know, it'd be amazing.
>
> But I think actually it would be a thousand, possibly a million times worse
>
> than the situation
>
> we have today with dick pics.
>
> Because just imagine, just imagine it's Monday morning and Heidi, for example,
>
> she's at the
>
> tram stop going to the marketing job.
>
> She's singing a song like, "Meine Freund sind die Bergen."
>
> And like, she's just in the zone.
>
> And suddenly, bam, this dick just slaps her in the face.
>
> She's like, "Oh, fuck."
>
> She hides behind some old ladies.
>
> She pulls out her dick shield like Captain America.
>
> Dicks are just flying all around, hitting the shield.
>
> Tram turns up.
>
> She leaps in.
>
> It races her to work.
>
> She runs in through the main entrance and luckily there's a sign saying, "Please
>
> keep
>
> your penis attached during office hours."
>
> All right, that's what I got for you tonight.
>
> Thanks a lot, Sector 11.
