---
layout: show
type: show
player_id: 20250728_ComedyKiss_30_Sep_2020
audio_file: ComedyKiss_30_Sep_2020.m4a
comedian: Harry Fücks
name_of_show: Comedy Kiss
date_of_show: 28 Jul 2025, 20:00
name_of_venue: Auer & Co
link_to_venue_on_google_maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/bgDGtgad7Df9EwWZ9
length_of_set: 592.72
laughs_per_minute: 7
notes: ""
---


<h2><i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i> Transcript</h2>

> 3, 2, 1, go off your meds guys, thank you!
>
> Wow, so normally I come on stage, I have a comedy persona
>
> and I start telling some jokes, but I feel that this situation requires some
>
> special treatment
>
> because I'm sure it's very awkward for you just to be awful, but I've got 8
>
> minutes to stand up here
>
> and just have you four people staring at me, yeah, I'm funny
>
> I feel like I need to mix this up, like why am I on the stage?
>
> I mean, I could just come down and get in with you guys, make it more close,
>
> more special
>
> We can share with you a few
>
> So first, what was your name?
>
> Mine, Sarah
>
> Sarah, do you think you're going to be able to fix this relationship with
>
> Charles?
>
> I mean, yeah
>
> I've seen worse, so
>
> I'm seeing like the body language has been leaning further away, Charles
>
> And then the story about the nail
>
> What about the hammer?
>
> Is there a hammer in there?
>
> No
>
> No, okay
>
> Not yet
>
> Let's move on from the vents in that story
>
> So how long have you been...
>
> Oh my god
>
> Yeah, you just got the joke there, I appreciate it
>
> This one? Yes
>
> Yes
>
> Everybody knows
>
> This is a very French laugh, I appreciate it
>
> We had a good luck chat with one of our comedian friends
>
> So how long have you guys been together?
>
> Two years
>
> Two years, so you met in Zurich?
>
> Yeah
>
> It's a French event, or...
>
> Yeah
>
> What was the event?
>
> A karaoke, a grand karaoke
>
> Oh, you did like...
>
> How was it like?
>
> No, no, no
>
> Well, I guess because in French karaoke you only speak French songs
>
> This was a French karaoke?
>
> It's absolutely forbidden to sing any English songs or any French songs
>
> No, yeah, we were singing English songs
>
> What was the song that he sung that you just lit up?
>
> Actually, "Black Hole Sun" from the song "Garden"
>
> That is a very depressing song to watch
>
> Wait, Charles, can we just reenact this moment?
>
> Oh, okay
>
> "Black Hole Sun"
>
> "Won't you come?"
>
> "And wash away the rain"
>
> "Black Hole Sun"
>
> "Won't you come?"
>
> "Won't you come?"
>
> "Black Hole Sun"
>
> "Black Hole Sun"
>
> Alright, that's enough
>
> Holy shit
>
> Let's see what you say about "Black Hole Sun" live right there as well
>
> If we can have some of your French for the end of this
>
> I actually won't
>
> So what's going on over here?
>
> So we've got Sev, I didn't get your name
>
> He wasn't talking about you because he knows he shouldn't ruin your
>
> relationship
>
> Because you work here
>
> What's your name, lad?
>
> Biggie
>
> Biggie? Like...
>
> Richard
>
> Oh, okay, I was just going to demonstrate my lack of knowledge
>
> Richard, Biggie
>
> Biggie
>
> Biggie said, "I sense there's something going on there"
>
> Something?
>
> Can we make it awkward for you guys?
>
> Alright, I think we can make this awkward
>
> Because as I'm not, I'm just going to be anywhere
>
> Let's wander around behind you two
>
> I'll do comedy behind Sev
>
> So, tell me, what do you think of the movie?
>
> She's kind of cool, isn't she?
>
> Very cool
>
> Very cool, okay
>
> Notorious B.I.G.
>
> Notorious B.I.G., wow
>
> Okay, I'm not going to put you through the same awkwardness
>
> Shane's looking at me like, "Should I do some comedy?"
>
> I think we've reached the level of awkwardness I like to have
>
> When I'm on stage
>
> So, Shane said, "Yeah, my name is actually Harry Fuchs"
>
> It's a German name
>
> It's spelled F-U-C-K-S
>
> I repeat, F-U-C-K-S
>
> Fuchs
>
> Exactly
>
> But when English speakers are around, they all think my name is Harry Fuchs
>
> It's not
>
> Fuchs
>
> It's not
>
> In fact, in my family, when we have a family get together
>
> We get very upset when you call us a group of fuckers
>
> Okay, we're getting a lot
>
> This is working amazingly
>
> And I have two kids
>
> I had to call them Owler and Wart though
>
> Just to give them a good start
>
> Okay, we're getting some laughs here
>
> How long am I going to do this for?
>
> So, Shane
>
> I can't take much more of this
>
> You've got three minutes
>
> Three minutes, okay
>
> All right, all right
>
> So, where should we go with this?
>
> You know, okay, I've got something for you
>
> So, I want to share a childhood trauma with you guys
>
> I think this is a joke that's going to set the rest of the evening on a perfect
>
> course
>
> Because when I was about seven, something terrible happened
>
> That's right, I was circumcised
>
> Okay, judging from this reaction, you don't seem to understand circumcision
>
> Come and talk to me after, I'll show you
>
> That joke doesn't work in the room
>
> Well, what began as a very...
>
> I shouldn't even do this joke
>
> Shall I find a nice soft joke for you guys?
>
> Because it's too much to sing
>
> Yeah, so I have these two teenage kids
>
> And, you know, and I'm a single dad
>
> I deal with two teenage kids that live with me
>
> And I have, like, my son, for example
>
> He's 14
>
> And recently
>
> I caught him looking at porn
>
> That isn't a good situation
>
> Luckily, luckily for me
>
> I'm a bit of an expert
>
> And I can point him at all the best categories
>
> The ladies are like, I'm not really ready to laugh at that
>
> But the guys were, so guys, come over here
>
> I'll do the rest of the show for you guys
>
> And, you know, he's actually been having a bit of a problem with the ladies
>
> Because he's already been rejected over 50 times
>
> By the same girl
>
> He's 14?
>
> He's 14
>
> He's 14?
>
> Which is what?
>
> It's a joke
>
> Made up for the sake of laughter
>
> I was thinking it was true
>
> And the punchline was
>
> He's glad to see him keeping up family tradition
>
> With a record of French skepticism
>
> Okay, we're meant to get a pierso
>
> What the fuck?
>
> Oh my god
>
> Harry, what did you do?
>
> I'm losing the audience already
>
> Okay, what other jokes can I do?
>
> Let me, let me
>
> You need to third with this thing
>
> Oh, you want to?
>
> We go back to the subject
>
> Like you said, Seb is the best crowd member here
>
> I thought we were getting somewhere with child sex and love, but
>
> I don't know
>
> Alright, so
>
> And on those, being circumcised
>
> You know, and if the gown is a real disadvantage
>
> But in later life, as an adult, it turned into a real advantage
>
> Because on those rare occasions where a woman would find her head close to the
>
> tip of my
>
> penis
>
> She would invariably sigh
>
> Like
>
> And I'd be like, hey!
>
> Why are you sighing on my penis?
>
> And she'd be like, you have no idea
>
> You have no idea
>
> How many dirty dicks there are out there
>
> I'm just checking out this guy as I can see
>
> Seb, I think that Charles, you know
>
> Okay, I'll go
>
> I'm just watching her face
>
> We've been in the anus earlier
>
> Now we're getting to this
>
> And so I thought I'd just end in this last minute
>
> With maybe a few tips for Seb and Charles
>
> Just to make sure that
>
> All the ladies here are happy
>
> So just what you can do
>
> If you aren't circumcised
>
> Like you know in your car
>
> You have that Wunderbaum hanging from the rear view mirror
>
> Just hang out from your penis
>
> Women are very sensitive to smell
>
> That will immediately make her life more pleasant
>
> Or another thing you can do is
>
> Women are very visual
>
> So right here up above your penis
>
> Just tattoo a pleasant scene
>
> Like a field of nice green grass
>
> Or some flowers
>
> Maybe a tree with a few birds singing
>
> Something to help take her mind off
>
> The disgusting act she has of football
>
> But there is a simpler solution
>
> In case this was too complicated
>
> Is just bring a box of crackers
>
> And while she's down there
>
> Just feed her the crackers
>
> Because cheese goes really well with crackers
>
> Oh my god
>
> All right
>
> Good luck guys
>
> Thanks Harry
>
> No problem
>
> You've achieved
>
> You've scaled off 25% of the audience
>
> Congratulations
